the sri lankan government on wednesday announced the closure of government schools with immediate effect as a military campaign against tamil separatists escalated in the north of the country .	sri lanka closes schools as war escalates	E
police arrested five anti-nuclear protesters thursday after they sought to disrupt loading of a french antarctic research and supply vessel , a spokesman for the protesters said .	protesters target french research ship	E
factory orders for manufactured goods rose #.# percent in september , the commerce department said here thursday .	us september factory orders up #.# percent	E
japan 's toyota team europe were banned from the world rally championship for one year here on friday in a crushing ruling by the world council of the international automobile federation -lrb- fia -rrb- .	toyota are banned for a year	E
israel prepared sunday for prime minister yitzhak rabin 's state funeral which will be attended by a host of world leaders , including us president bill clinton and the jordanian and egyptian heads of state .	israel prepares jerusalem state funeral for rabin	NE
indian prime minister p.v. narasimha rao 's promise of more autonomy for troubled kashmir and his plea for early state elections has sparked a violent reaction from provincial moslem and opposition parties .	indian pm 's announcement on kashmir polls autonomy sparks outrage	E
turnout was heavy for parliamentary elections monday in trinidad and tobago after a month of intensive campaigning throughout the country , one of the most prosperous in the caribbean .	trinidad and tobago poll draws heavy turnout by john babb	NE
jordan 's crown prince hassan ibn talal arrived tuesday for his first visit to jerusalem and was to pay his condolences to the widow of assassinated prime minister yitzhak rabin .	jordan 's crown prince makes first visit to jerusalem	E
poland 's main opposition party tuesday endorsed president lech walesa in an upcoming presidential run-off election after a reformed communist won the first round of voting .	walesa receives opposition boost	E
the rand gained ground against the dollar at the opening here wednesday , to #.#### \/ ## to the greenback from #.#### \/ ## at the close tuesday .	rand gains ground	E
arbitrary arrests , torture , prisoners dying in detention and the death penalty are current practices in guinea , human rights organization amnesty international said thursday in a report published here .	amnesty deplores human rights violations in guinea	E
a young syrian woman who was arrested last year on terrorism charges at the airport here had a map of us military facilities in turkey , a canadian security official said thursday .	canada investigates syrian woman with alleged ties to pkk	NE
hong kong signed a breakthrough air services agreement with the united states on friday that will allow us airlines to carry freight to asian destinations via the territory .	hong kong us sign breakthrough aviation pact	E
a us citizen who spied for communist east germany was given a suspended jail sentence of ## months here friday .	us citizen who spied for east germans given suspended sentence	E
france , still high after their convincing ##-## win over new zealand have named the same team for the second test next saturday in paris .	french keep same team for #nd test	E
at least ## people were killed when a nigeria airways airliner crashed on landing monday at kaduna airport in the north of the country , airport officials said .	nigerian plane crashes on landing killing at least ##	E
the four candidates in algeria 's first free presidential election held final rallies monday amid tight security as some voters began casting their ballots three days ahead of the main poll .	algerian presidential candidates wind up campaign by richard palmer	NE
the united nations children 's fund -lrb- unicef -rrb- has voiced concern over the plight of children in much of eastern europe where communism was abruptly dismantled and state services allowed to erode .	unicef concerned about welfare of children in former communist states	E
a swedish un soldier in bosnia was shot and killed by a stray bullet on tuesday in an incident authorities are calling an accident , military officials in stockholm said tuesday .	swedish un soldier in bosnia killed by stray bullet	E
a us judge denied on tuesday a request for the extradition of former mexican deputy attorney general mario ruiz massieu to mexico where he is charged with a cover-up in his brother 's murder investigation .	us judge denies mexico 's extradition request for massieu	E
german chemical giant hoechst group announced plans wednesday to invest ### million dollars in china next year , with the idea of getting a strong foothold in the fast growing economy , xinhua news agency reported .	hoechst to invest total ### million us dollars in chinese operation	NE
a court here thursday sentenced a ##-year-old man to ## years in jail after he admitted pummelling his baby son to death to silence him while watching television .	man who killed baby to hear television better gets ## years	E
president bill clinton said thursday he would propose a new plan to congress to reopen many government operations and end the budget impasse , but repeated his intention to veto a republican budget bill .	clinton congress offer plans to end budget impasse	E
the repatriation of at least #,### bosnian moslems was postponed friday after the unhcr pulled out of the first joint scheme to return refugees to their homes in northwest bosnia .	repatriation of bosnian refugees postponed	E
the shooting down of the largest transport plane in the sri lankan air force has wrecked supply lines and slowed a major government offensive against the tamil rebel citadel of jaffna , analysts said .	downing of plane slows sri lanka 's army onslaught on jaffna by amal jayasinghe	NE
outgoing polish president lech walesa and his ex-communist rival aleksander kwasniewski cast their ballots sunday in a tight contest for the presidency but managed some humor amid all the tension .	walesa kwasniewski cast ballot amid touch of humor	E
tea scores on the fourth day of the second test between australia and pakistan here monday .	australia vs pakistan tea scorecard	E
australia 's news corp announced monday it was joining brazil 's globo , mexico 's grupo televisa and the us tele-communications inc. in a venture to broadcast ### channels via satellite to latin america .	news corp globo televisa and tele-communications in satellite venture	E
former israeli chief of staff ehud barak is to be appointed foreign minister in the new cabinet of prime minister shimon peres , an outgoing minister said tuesday .	barak to be named israel 's new fm outgoing minister says	E
indicted war criminals will not be allowed to hold office or serve in the military in post-war bosnia under a peace agreement for the balkans reached tuesday , us officials said .	balkan leaders to bar war criminals from office : clinton	NE
