the sri lankan government on wednesday announced the closure of government schools with immediate effect as a military campaign against tamil separatists escalated in the north of the country .	sri lanka closes schools as war escalates
police arrested five anti-nuclear protesters thursday after they sought to disrupt loading of a french antarctic research and supply vessel , a spokesman for the protesters said .	protesters target french research ship
factory orders for manufactured goods rose #.# percent in september , the commerce department said here thursday .	us september factory orders up #.# percent
japan 's toyota team europe were banned from the world rally championship for one year here on friday in a crushing ruling by the world council of the international automobile federation -lrb- fia -rrb- .	toyota are banned for a year
israel prepared sunday for prime minister yitzhak rabin 's state funeral which will be attended by a host of world leaders , including us president bill clinton and the jordanian and egyptian heads of state .	israel prepares jerusalem state funeral for rabin
indian prime minister p.v. narasimha rao 's promise of more autonomy for troubled kashmir and his plea for early state elections has sparked a violent reaction from provincial moslem and opposition parties .	indian pm 's announcement on kashmir polls autonomy sparks outrage
turnout was heavy for parliamentary elections monday in trinidad and tobago after a month of intensive campaigning throughout the country , one of the most prosperous in the caribbean .	trinidad and tobago poll draws heavy turnout by john babb
jordan 's crown prince hassan ibn talal arrived tuesday for his first visit to jerusalem and was to pay his condolences to the widow of assassinated prime minister yitzhak rabin .	jordan 's crown prince makes first visit to jerusalem
poland 's main opposition party tuesday endorsed president lech walesa in an upcoming presidential run-off election after a reformed communist won the first round of voting .	walesa receives opposition boost
the rand gained ground against the dollar at the opening here wednesday , to #.#### \/ ## to the greenback from #.#### \/ ## at the close tuesday .	rand gains ground
arbitrary arrests , torture , prisoners dying in detention and the death penalty are current practices in guinea , human rights organization amnesty international said thursday in a report published here .	amnesty deplores human rights violations in guinea
a young syrian woman who was arrested last year on terrorism charges at the airport here had a map of us military facilities in turkey , a canadian security official said thursday .	canada investigates syrian woman with alleged ties to pkk
hong kong signed a breakthrough air services agreement with the united states on friday that will allow us airlines to carry freight to asian destinations via the territory .	hong kong us sign breakthrough aviation pact
a us citizen who spied for communist east germany was given a suspended jail sentence of ## months here friday .	us citizen who spied for east germans given suspended sentence
france , still high after their convincing ##-## win over new zealand have named the same team for the second test next saturday in paris .	french keep same team for #nd test
at least ## people were killed when a nigeria airways airliner crashed on landing monday at kaduna airport in the north of the country , airport officials said .	nigerian plane crashes on landing killing at least ##
the four candidates in algeria 's first free presidential election held final rallies monday amid tight security as some voters began casting their ballots three days ahead of the main poll .	algerian presidential candidates wind up campaign by richard palmer
the united nations children 's fund -lrb- unicef -rrb- has voiced concern over the plight of children in much of eastern europe where communism was abruptly dismantled and state services allowed to erode .	unicef concerned about welfare of children in former communist states
a swedish un soldier in bosnia was shot and killed by a stray bullet on tuesday in an incident authorities are calling an accident , military officials in stockholm said tuesday .	swedish un soldier in bosnia killed by stray bullet
a us judge denied on tuesday a request for the extradition of former mexican deputy attorney general mario ruiz massieu to mexico where he is charged with a cover-up in his brother 's murder investigation .	us judge denies mexico 's extradition request for massieu
german chemical giant hoechst group announced plans wednesday to invest ### million dollars in china next year , with the idea of getting a strong foothold in the fast growing economy , xinhua news agency reported .	hoechst to invest total ### million us dollars in chinese operation
a court here thursday sentenced a ##-year-old man to ## years in jail after he admitted pummelling his baby son to death to silence him while watching television .	man who killed baby to hear television better gets ## years
president bill clinton said thursday he would propose a new plan to congress to reopen many government operations and end the budget impasse , but repeated his intention to veto a republican budget bill .	clinton congress offer plans to end budget impasse
the repatriation of at least #,### bosnian moslems was postponed friday after the unhcr pulled out of the first joint scheme to return refugees to their homes in northwest bosnia .	repatriation of bosnian refugees postponed
the shooting down of the largest transport plane in the sri lankan air force has wrecked supply lines and slowed a major government offensive against the tamil rebel citadel of jaffna , analysts said .	downing of plane slows sri lanka 's army onslaught on jaffna by amal jayasinghe
outgoing polish president lech walesa and his ex-communist rival aleksander kwasniewski cast their ballots sunday in a tight contest for the presidency but managed some humor amid all the tension .	walesa kwasniewski cast ballot amid touch of humor
tea scores on the fourth day of the second test between australia and pakistan here monday .	australia vs pakistan tea scorecard
australia 's news corp announced monday it was joining brazil 's globo , mexico 's grupo televisa and the us tele-communications inc. in a venture to broadcast ### channels via satellite to latin america .	news corp globo televisa and tele-communications in satellite venture
former israeli chief of staff ehud barak is to be appointed foreign minister in the new cabinet of prime minister shimon peres , an outgoing minister said tuesday .	barak to be named israel 's new fm outgoing minister says
indicted war criminals will not be allowed to hold office or serve in the military in post-war bosnia under a peace agreement for the balkans reached tuesday , us officials said .	balkan leaders to bar war criminals from office : clinton
malaysian prime minister mahathir mohamad indicated friday he would soon relinquish control of the ruling party to his deputy anwar ibrahim .	mahathir wants leadership change to be smooth
bosnian croat forces have begun torching homes in parts of western bosnia captured during a summer offensive but due to return to serb control under the dayton peace agreement , un officials said friday .	croats torch homes in areas due to return to serbs
president robert mugabe 's pay packet will be more than doubled by july next year to a total of ###,### zimbabwe dollars -lrb- around ##,### us dollars -rrb- , the government announced saturday .	president mugabe 's salary doubled
former french prime minister michel rocard and former us defense secretary robert mcnamara have agreed to serve on an australian commission working to ban nuclear weapons , prime minister paul keating said sunday .	former french pm to serve on keating commission to ban the bomb by jack taylor
former mexican president carlos salinas said sunday that he was astonished by charges that his brother was connected with the drug - trafficking underworld and that , if convicted , he should be punished .	former mexican president says he is astonished by brother 's arrest
ministers from the european union and its mediterranean neighbors gathered here under heavy security on monday for an unprecedented conference on economic and political cooperation .	european mediterranean ministers gather for landmark conference by julie bradford
bosnian president alija izetbegovic on monday accused bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic of seeking to sway the us congress against approving us troops to help enforce peace in the former yugoslavia .	karadzic trying to trip up peace process : izetbegovic
pakistan 's team manager intikhab alam dismissed claims tuesday that his team 's poor performance in the current test series was to blame for weak ticket sales ahead of the final test .	do n't blame pakistan for poor test ticket sales says manager
faced with a mushrooming influence-peddling scandal that has rocked the government , president fernando henrique cardoso has opened a high - level probe into the affair in an attempt to stem political fallout .	president opens probe of influence-peddling scandal
president fidel ramos on thursday said he was `` confident '' that peace talks with moslem guerrillas would result in a successful conclusion following the latest round of negotiations in jakarta .	ramos confident of successful conclusion in moslem peace talks
general motors corp. expects it will be able to avoid a crippling strike at its largest parts subsidiary despite a disagreement over the company 's attempt to throw out its union contracts as it emerges from bankruptcy , gm 's chief executive said thursday .	gm expects to avoid strike at delphi : ceo
football fans in the bangladesh capital dhaka will be able to watch the world cup live on big screens at ## city locations , officials said friday .	the afp world news summary
india won the toss and chose to bat on the opening day in the opening test against west indies at the antigua recreation ground on friday .	india win toss and elect to bat in first test
polling stations closed at #### gmt -lrb- #### local time -rrb- friday on the first day of czech legislative elections shadowed by allegations surrounding social democrat prime minister jiri paroubek .	polling stations close on first day of czech legislative elections
american time-trial specialist david zabriskie of team csc won the #.# km opening prologue of the dauphine libere here on sunday .	american zabriskie snatches dauphine prologue
a powerful bomb exploded outside a navy base near the sri lankan capital colombo tuesday , seriously wounding at least one person , military officials said .	bomb attack outside srilanka navy base
mittal steel said on wednesday that its hostile takeover offer to shareholders in european steelmaker arcelor had officially begun in the united states and would last until july # .	mittal launches hostile arcelor bid in us
americans have to wait probably another year before they can relish succulent indian mangoes .	time not ripe yet for indian mangoes to hit us
some #.# billion people worldwide are expected to watch germany face costa rica on television at the opening match of football 's world cup , german public broadcaster zdf said thursday .	#.# billion tv viewers expected for opening world cup match
jason terry , hero of dallas ' game one national basketball association finals win over miami , may need off-season surgery on an injured thumb that he has been nursing for four months .	mavs hero terry may need surgery to fix injured thumb
french bank credit agricole launched on tuesday a public cash offer to buy the ## percent of emporiki bank it does not already own , in a bid valuing the greek group at #.# billion euros -lrb- #.# billion dollars -rrb- .	credit agricole announces #.#-billion-euro bid for greek bank emporiki
the open square in front of the french capital 's famed notre dame cathedral will be renamed after late pope john paul ii , the city council decided tuesday .	notre dame cathedral square to be named after john paul ii
the somali town of jowhar , the last stronghold of the us-backed warlords , on wednesday girded for new clashes after three powerful militia chiefs fled the township as their enemies were reportedly within striking distance , residents said .	somali warlords stronghold tense after us-backed militia chiefs flee
the french press on wednesday were typically scathing in their assessment of les bleus ' performance in their opening world cup match , a #-# draw with switzerland .	press lambasts sorry french display
world number three david nalbandian said wednesday that he was optimistic of being fit to compete in wimbledon after being forced to retire injured in the french open semi-finals last week .	nalbandian optimistic for wimbledon fitness
a consortium led by us investment bank goldman sachs thursday increased its takeover offer of associated british ports holdings , the biggest port operator in britain , after being threatened with a possible rival bid .	goldman sachs increases bid for ab ports
west germany 's #### world cup winning hero franz beckenbauer hopes hosts germany are not paired with england in the last ## of the world cup , saying he would prefer to meet the old foe later in the tournament .	beckenbauer hopes germany avoid england
former italian prime minister silvio berlusconi has been re-elected as president of serie a side ac milan , the club confirmed on thursday .	berlusconi re-elected ac milan president
mauritania 's ruling military leaders have launched an electoral campaign in support of a constitutional referendum set for june ## , the official media announced friday .	mauritania 's junta campaigns for constitutional referendum
slovaks started voting at #:## am -lrb- #### gmt -rrb- on saturday in elections to the ###-seat parliament , with centre-right prime minister mikulas dzurinda fighting to continue far-reaching but painful reforms .	slovaks start voting in legislative elections
result in a world cup group g match here on sunday .	world cup : france # south korea #
estonians will miss their traditional midsummer bonfires in state-owned forests this year after the authorities on tuesday banned the practice because of risk of forest fires .	midsummer fest bonfires banned in estonian forests
us lawyer ed fagan said wednesday he will bring a multi-million dollar lawsuit in the united states against the polish government unless it takes concrete steps to repay a huge debt to holders of bonds issued before world war ii .	us star lawyer ed fagan to sue poland for unpaid bonds
around ### clandestine immigrants wednesday staged a peaceful breakout from a detention center in malta and demonstrated on a road shouting `` we want freedom .	mass breakout of immigrants from malta center
like a conquering army , south korea are marching towards the knock-out stages of the #### world cup on their stomachs .	team korea marching on their stomachs
eight chinese scientists have asked a leading us medical journal to withdraw a letter published thursday alleging that china knew about a human case of bird flu two years before the first case was officially announced .	chinese scientists ask us journal to withdraw letter on human bird flu case
two-time champions argentina suffered a blow on thursday when defender nicolas burdisso was ruled out of the world cup second round clash against mexico here on saturday because of a ankle injury .	argentina defender burdisso out of mexico clash
the white house said friday that a new videotape of al-qaeda number two ayman al-zawahiri is the terrorist network 's latest shot in its effort to win a `` propaganda war .	zawahiri video is part of propaganda war : us
directors of the european steel giant arcelor were to meet sunday in luxembourg to decide between two suitors : the partnership offered by russia 's severstal and the hostile bid from mittal steel .	arcelor board in crucial meeting sunday
china has executed five people who had been sentenced to death for drugs trafficking , state media reported on monday .	china says five executed for drugs
wigan moved to consolidate their premiership status tuesday by tying down one of the brightest stars of last season 's maiden top flight campaign .	wigan tie up baines for three years
hurricane katrina fraudsters who billed the us government for fictitious services and filed claims for phantom hotel guests and even dom perignon champagne have cost taxpayers up to two billion dollars , the new york times reported tuesday .	hurricane katrina fraud swells to two billion dollars : report
two exclusive rome clubs have invited prince victor emmanuel to resign following his arrest on suspicion of providing prostitutes and illegal slot machines to a casino , an italian newspaper reported on wednesday .	italy 's disgraced prince asked to resign from top clubs : reports
greece said thursday that it was monitoring the escalating hostilities between israelis and palestinians with `` particular concern , '' and feared it could worsen .	greece worried over escalation of mideast hostilities
the australian government friday warned building products company james hardie it had run out of excuses for not paying compensation to victims of its asbestos products following a special tax ruling .	no more excuses on asbestos payouts australia tells james hardie
palestinian prime minister ismail haniya insisted friday that his hamas-led government was continuing efforts to secure the release of an israeli soldier captured by militants .	efforts still underway to secure soldier 's release : hamas pm
the united states deported to bosnia on friday two bosnian serbs wanted by a local court on charges of genocide committed in the #### srebrenica massacre , an official said .	us deports to bosnia two serbs wanted for srebrenica genocide
zairean president mobutu sese seko will stay at his french riviera residence until at least the middle of the week because of an increase in diplomatic activity , a mobutu aide said on sunday .	zaire president mobutu to stay in france till mid-week
the rand was slightly weaker against the dollar in early trade here monday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback compared to its close friday of #.#### \/ ## .	rand slightly weaker against dollar in early trade
the head of al-azhar , the top sunni moslem authority , will visit germany next week to discuss the teaching of islam in europe , his spokesman said monday .	top moslem cleric to visit germany
all countries that signed the european union 's maastricht treaty have `` exactly the same right '' to join in monetary union at the outset , as long as they meet the convergence criteria , french president jacques chirac said on monday .	chirac says all maastricht signers have same right to emu
a thai man believed to have been killed in a knife fight has caused a stir by returning to his home eight months after his own funeral , a thai daily reported tuesday .	thai man returns home eight months after his funeral
it 's official .	mandela presents new love to the world
croatia protested tuesday over an attack against a roman catholic church in sarajevo , which came just one month ahead of a scheduled visit by the pope , hina news agency said .	croatia protests over attack on catholic church in sarajevo
senior magistrates in france have accused president jacques chirac and the government of ignoring their objections when making important judicial appointments , it was reported wednesday .	france : top magistrates say government ignoring their views
imf chief michel camdessus wednesday told india to prepare for a second wave of economic reforms to catch up with asian tigers .	india should prepare for second wave of economic reforms : imf chief
about ### rwandan refugees who have flown in from civil war-torn eastern zaire were stuck thursday at nairobi 's wilson airport , where immigration officials refused to allow them on to kenyan territory .	refugees from zaire stuck at nairobi airport by annie thomas
six us tourists and their costa rican pilot cheated death friday when their twin-engine plane crashed into a wooded hillside outside costa rica 's capital , red cross officials said .	all six us tourists and pilot survive costa rica crash
zairean rebels , led by laurent-desire kabila , on saturday rejected calls by the united nations for a ceasefire , saying it could only be called after talks with kinshasa .	zairean rebels reject un call for ceasefire
south korean union leaders on sunday threatened renewed strikes against new labor rules drafted by parliament to replace a controversial bill which sparked industrial unrest last december .	skorean unions threaten new strikes against revised labor law by c. w. lim
egyptian president hosni mubarak said sunday said he would ask us president bill clinton to `` use his influence '' to halt a controversial planned jewish settlement in east jerusalem .	mubarak to ask clinton for help in halting jerusalem housing plan
the stability of hong kong 's stockmarket will continue after july #st , when the territory is handed by to china , central monetary authority president joseph yam said here monday .	hongkong bourse seen stable after july #
diana , princess of wales , on monday visited a homeless emergency cold weather shelter in a notorious red light district in central london - but found her motives questioned by those whose cause she hoped to highlight .	diana 's motives questioned in visit to red light district homeless hostel
the rand firmed further against the dollar in early trade here tuesday , opening at #.#### \/ ## to the greenback against #.#### \/ ## at close on monday .	rand firms against dollar
the arab group in the united nations on tuesday dismissed israel 's warning that a palestinian bid to apply international pressure against israel could freeze the peace process .	arab group condemns israeli ministers remarks on peace process
sesame street has extended to shanghai through a joint production of a chinese version , sponsored by us power company general electric -lrb- ge -rrb- , of the us made children 's television program .	sesame street extends to shanghai
thai share prices dropped #.# percent in thin trading thursday amid profit-taking by local traders , analysts said .	thai share prices drop #.# percent
twenty-eight people were rushed to hospital saturday after ## different chemicals spilled inside the hold of a british airways boeing ### at london 's heathrow airport , the rescue services said .	chemical spill at london airport sends ## to hospital
tens of thousands of demonstrators marched through brussels sunday , calling for eu action to defend jobs , amid widespread anger at a decision by french carmaker renault to close a factory here .	tens of thousands march through brussels to defend jobs
a truck carrying illegal north african immigrants flipped over in northeastern spain , killing ## and injuring six others , police said monday .	eleven immigrants killed in road accident in spain
un secretary general kofi annan on monday heeded the advice of the leading industrialised nations and announced the merger of the world body 's three economic development departments into one .	un chief heeds g# merges economic development departments
an unscheduled flight from xiamen in china which could be carrying north korean defector hwang jang-yop landed tuesday at the clark airbase , north of here , sources at the manila international airport said .	chinese plane arrives in philippines
jakarta share prices closed #.# percent lower tuesday amid selling pressure on heavyweight stocks , brokers said .	jakarta shares close #.# percent lower
a shiite moslem cleric living in iran has threatened to call for a holy war against the bahraini government if it sentences to death alleged iranian-backed militants .	shiite cleric warns of holy war against bahrain
president bill clinton admitted tuesday that the us-russia summit will be a `` tough '' one as he heads for a showdown with president boris yeltsin over his cherished role of expanding nato .	clinton admits us-russia agenda will be tough by gretchen cook
rescuers have found the two black boxes belonging to the russian antonov-## charter plane which crashed tuesday in the north caucasus , killing the ## people on board , the ministry for emergencies said wednesday .	black boxes recovered from plane crash site in caucasus
burma has put five cities on a security alert after religious unrest involving buddhists and moslems in the northern city of mandalay , an informed source said wednesday .	burma puts five cities on security alert after religious unrest
politicians were urged thursday to regard public opinion not personal views when voting on a bill aimed at overturning the world 's first legislation allowing voluntary euthanasia .	australian euthanasia widow goes public in plea for law to remain
up to ## afghans have been killed and hundreds injured by a massive explosion at an ammunition depot in the eastern provincial capital jalalabad , kabul red cross officials said thursday .	up to ## killed in afghan blast accident suspected by terence white
delta air lines will hold a press conference at #### gmt thursday to announce a major new aircraft purchase , the company said in a statement .	delta set to announce an important order
new research suggested saturday that ugly suspects with `` stereotypical criminal features '' are more likely to be found guilty than good - looking defendants .	the beautiful go free while the ugly are damned
a girl of ## cut off a ##-year-old widower 's penis after he made advances to her , police here said sunday .	spanish girl cuts off man 's penis for making sexual advances
embattled zairean president mobutu sese seko on monday `` took note '' of parliament 's decision last week to sack the government of prime minister kengo wa dondo , national radio said .	mobutu notes parliament 's decision to sack government
thousands of chanting voices soared into the air at a stadium here wednesday as the dalai lama led about ##,### people in a holy buddhist initiation rite aimed at freeing them from earthly ties .	dalai lama leads ##,### in mass buddhist initiation rite
the un expert on missing persons in the former yugoslavia , manfred nowak , resigned on wednesday , blaming his decision to quit on a lack of support from the international community .	un missing persons chief for former yugoslavia resigns
a saudi national suspected in last year 's bombing of a us barracks in saudi arabia appeared at a crucial deportation hearing here wednesday .	new charges brought against saudi suspect in terrorist bombing
the sudanese opposition said here thursday it had killed more than ### government soldiers in an ambush in the east of the country .	sudanese opposition says ### government troops killed in ambush
a sudanese convicted of a series of murders and two other arabs found guilty of drug trafficking were beheaded on friday , the saudi interior ministry said .	three beheaded in saudi arabia
the first southeast asian biennial film festival opened here saturday with organizers hailing the event as a step toward rebuilding cambodia 's shattered film industry and promoting regional movies .	southeast asian film festival opens in cambodia
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu may be in washington next week and could meet with president bill clinton on the crumbling mideast peace process , the white house said monday .	netanyahu may come to washington as peace process reaches critical phase
members of the youth wing of vladimir putin 's united russia party on saturday launched a campaign against illegal immigration under the theme : `` our money for our people .	football : serbian league results
india were ###-# at tea in their second innings on the fifth and final day of the third test against australia at the feroz shah kotla stadium here on sunday .	cricket : india vs australia third test scoreboard
there is little appetite among european union member states for military intervention in the democratic republic of congo , the eu 's most senior military figure warned monday .	little eu will for tough drcongo operation : military chief
german public regional bank hsh nordbank will ask the government for up to ## billion euros -lrb- ##.# billion dollars -rrb- in loan guarantees as part of a national rescue plan for the banking sector , it said in a statement on monday .	german hsh nordbank wants up to ## bln euros in state guarantees
hong kong shares closed #.# percent higher monday , led by property developers and hsbc , dealers said .	hong kong shares close #.# percent higher
talks between china and taiwan are expected to see the arch rivals forge closer economic ties this week but are unlikely to cool simmering tensions over the island 's sovereignty , analysts said .	fresh taiwan-china talks to set stage for improved ties : analysts
un chief ban ki-moon said he would personally mediate in the crisis in the democratic republic of congo where new clashes broke out tuesday , threatening a week-old ceasefire .	ban to lead congo mediation as new clashes threaten truce
after the longest and most expensive us presidential campaign ever , newspaper headlines on tuesday reflected both the historic importance of the occasion and relief that the outcome will soon be known .	us press hail historic presidential vote
taiwan share prices opened slightly lower tuesday with profit taking emerging as the market hovered close to the key #,###-point mark , dealers said .	taipei shares open slightly lower
ten senior french officers filed suit against rwanda for slander on tuesday after a justice minister 's report accused them of taking part in the #### genocide .	ten french officers file suit over rwanda genocide report
voter turnout reached a level unseen for a century in the historic election that swept barack obama to power as the first black us president , according to data published by analysts on wednesday .	record turnout for us election : analysts
australian prime minister kevin rudd wednesday praised us president-elect barack obama for turning martin luther king 's dream into a reality after the african - american won his country 's highest office .	australian pm says obama has turned king 's dream to reality
australia coach robbie deans has made eight changes to the side that was defeated by new zealand at the weekend ahead of the wallabies ' test against italy here sunday .	rugbyu : deans rings changes for aussies azzurri test
india were ###-# in their first innings at lunch on the opening day of the fourth and final test against australia here on thursday .	cricket : india ###-# at lunch in final australia test
thousands of people attacked chinese police in the southern city of shenzhen from friday afternoon to early saturday morning , state media reported .	thousands attack police in southern china : state media
us president george w. bush on friday warned that it would take time for federal stimulus measures to have their full economic effect amid news of steep job losses .	it will take time for economic measures to take effect : bush
bank lending tightened up as financial markets erupted this year and is set to tighten further in the near future , a european central bank survey showed on friday , despite massive efforts by authorities to unfreeze credit markets .	eurozone bank lending set to tighten ecb survey finds
five french trekkers and mountaineers were among six foreigners killed during the autumn climbing season in nepal , the french embassy and nepalese officials said friday .	nepal climbing season claims five french lives
argentine striker gonzalo higuain scored an incredible four goals , including two questionable penalties , as ten-man real madrid came from behind three times to defeat malaga #-# on sunday and go top of the spanish first division for the first time this season .	four goal hero higuain fires real top
us president-elect barack obama on friday said he would act `` swiftly '' as soon as he takes office to confront the economic crisis head on , during his first news conference since his historic election .	obama vows to confront economic crisis head on
pope benedict xvi marked sunday the ##th anniversary of the kristallnacht pogrom , a prelude to the holocaust , by recalling the agony he felt as a boy growing up in nazi germany .	pope speaks of pain of kristallnacht memories
australian foreign minister stephen smith sunday congratulated new zealand 's new prime minister-elect john key as he praised ousted leader helen clark as a `` gutsy '' and respected politician .	time caught up with nz 's gutsy clark says australian fm
iraq 's cabinet is expected to meet in baghdad on tuesday to discuss a military accord that will govern the presence of american troops in iraq beyond #### , a minister said on monday .	iraq 's cabinet expected to meet on us pact as deadline looms
syria and lebanon decided on monday to boost border controls and anti-terrorism coordination , as the two neighbors took a new step to strengthen ties since diplomatic relations were established .	syria and lebanon to boost border anti-terror controls
global banking giant hsbc said on monday that its pre-tax profits had risen in the third-quarter despite loan write-offs in the united states rising to #.# billion dollars -lrb- #.# billion euros -rrb- .	hsbc says profits rise despite rising us bad debts
russia 's defense industry has been badly hit by the global financial crisis , deputy prime minister sergei ivanov , a former defense minister , said tuesday .	russia 's defense sector hit by financial crisis : govt official
grim overall economic and corporate news pushed global stocks into reverse on tuesday despite an unexpected beam of light for the german economy .	grim economic outlook knocks stocks back despite german uplift
eight members of an ultra-left anarchist group have been arrested in connection with a string of attacks on france 's rail network , french interior minister michele alliot-marie announced tuesday .	train sabotage : eight leftwing anarchists arrested : minister
iraqi foreign minister hoshyar zebari on wednesday repeated baghdad 's denunciation of a deadly us raid on a syrian village that he said harmed relations between the neighbouring countries .	iraq again denounces us attack on syrian village
a blue-ribbon panel of experts said on wednesday that german economic growth will grind to a halt next year , raising doubts about berlin 's plans to shield europe 's biggest economy from the global turmoil .	german economy will grind to halt in #### say experts
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent lower wednesday after investors took their lead from further weakness in overseas markets , dealers said .	new zealand shares close down #.## percent
juventus moved into second place in italy 's serie a with a #-# win over genoa at turin 's stadio olimpico .	football : juventus up to second in impressive style
us shares managed modest gains in morning trade thursday as investors looked for bargains after a punishing three-day market selloff and shook off more bleak economic and corporate news .	wall street struggles higher after three-day rout
chelsea striker didier drogba is under investigation for an incident during wednesday night 's league cup loss to burnley when he threw a coin back at the crowd , police confirmed thursday .	afp world news agenda
shivnarine chanderpaul hit a fighting century but could n't stop pakistan winning the second day-night international by ## runs here on friday , securing an unbeatable #-# lead .	cricket : chanderpaul 's hundred in vain as pakistan clinch series
a chinese fishing boat with a ##-man crew has been hijacked by pirates off the coast of east africa and is being held in somalia , state media reported here on friday .	china fishing boat hijacked off east africa : chinese state media
iran , opec 's number two oil producer , favors a cut in crude production of #.# to #.# million barrels per day when the oil cartel meets in cairo later this month , state television reported saturday .	iran favors opec cut of #.# to #.# million bpd
villarreal coach manuel pellegrini was understandably disappointed at dropping two points in the title race as malaga scored a ##th minute equaliser to snatch a #-# draw on sunday .	football : pellegrini rues dropped villarreal points
stock markets in the gulf states plunged on the week 's opener sunday as panic from the fallout of the global economic crisis continued to dampen investor sentiment .	gulf stocks plunge as g## fails to halt panic
a brutal financial crisis showed its teeth on monday as us banking giant citigroup announced a massive ##,### job cuts and automakers begged governments to save them amid a spreading global recession .	global crisis shows teeth with mass citigroup cuts
international mediators raised concerns monday over fresh fighting near azerbaijan 's disputed nagorny karabakh region that left at least one soldier dead at the weekend .	mediators raise concerns over deadly karabakh fighting
leading tibetan exiles began a week-long meeting monday in northern india that could usher in a more radical approach to their long struggle against chinese rule in tibet .	tibetans plot future after dalai lama admits failure
british premier gordon brown has narrowed the poll gap on opposition conservatives to just three points , a survey showed tuesday , the latest sign of a boost from his handling of the financial crisis .	british pm gets poll boost from crisis management
barclays , the second-biggest british bank , said tuesday that investors from the oil-rich gulf had agreed to amend terms of their proposed capital injection worth billions of dollars .	barclays proposed gulf investors amend injection plan
chinese share prices plummeted #.## percent on tuesday as unabated concerns over china 's slowing economy and weakness in regional markets triggered heavy selling , dealers said .	chinese shares close down #.## pct
david beckham 's career should be over , england 's #### world cup winner martin peters said following the la galaxy midfielder 's run of substitute appearances .	football : beckham career should be over says world cup winner peters
barack obama 's transition team dropped broad hints wednesday about who will fill a raft of top posts in his administration , naming teams of aides to develop policies in key areas .	obama gives hints about key administration posts
just as germany comes under pressure to do more to jumpstart the world 's third biggest economy , party politics is rearing its ugly head and undermining berlin 's efforts to weather a sharp global slowdown .	party politics undermine german economic defences
russian president dmitry medvedev on thursday demanded ukraine repay #.# billion dollars -lrb- #.# billion euros -rrb- of debt to russian energy giant gazprom , saying kiev could be `` forced '' to pay up .	medvedev demands ukraine repay #.# billion dollar gas debt
the council of europe 's human rights commissioner slammed thursday as `` unacceptable '' conditions in france 's overcrowded and dilapidated jails , where some ## inmates have committed suicide this year .	council of europe again slams french prison conditions
there could be a nasty surprise under the tree for the us economy this christmas .	grim tidings for us christmas shopping season
opponents of the leftist government of president daniel ortega said wednesday they had enough votes in congress to annul the disputed november # municipal elections in nicaragua .	afp client advisory on australian cricket coverage
malaysian shares are expected to remain volatile in the coming week on continuing uncertainties in the global financial markets and fears over the length of a global recession , dealers said friday .	malaysian shares to remain volatile next week : analysts
kevin garnett scored ## points in his return after a one-game suspension and the boston celtics ripped detroit ##-## here thursday in a rematch of last season 's nba semi-finals .	basketball : garnett makes triumphant return as celtics top pistons
the alleged al-qaeda mastermind of a #### transatlantic airplane bombing plot had been on the run for nearly a year before a us missile attack in northwest pakistan ended his life saturday .	terror plot mastermind killed in pakistan after year on the run
somali pirates holding a huge oil-laden saudi tanker on saturday vowed to fight back should any assault be attempted to free the ship and urged its owners to pay up a ## million dollars ransom .	we 'll fight back somali pirates warn
australian share prices opened slightly higher on monday following a big rally on wall street ahead of the weekend .	australian shares open up #.# percent
portsmouth striker jermain defoe could be ruled out for several weeks if a specialist decides the england international needs surgery to cure a calf injury .	football : defoe to see specialist over calf injury
south korea 's central bank is likely to inject up to #.# billion dollars into a state fund aimed at easing a credit squeeze in the country 's debt market , a report said sunday .	skorea 's central bank to inject money into bond fund : report
oil prices roared higher towards ## dollars on monday as equity markets surged on government action aimed at tackling a severe economic downturn .	oil prices soar towards ## dollars
malaysia 's central bank on monday cut its interest rate by ## basis points to #.## percent in a bid to boost growth amid the global economic crisis .	malaysia central bank cuts key interest rate to #.## pct
british-based standard chartered bank said monday it plans to raise #.## billion pounds -lrb- #.## billion us dollars -rrb- in a rights issue to better position itself during the global financial turmoil .	standard chartered to raise #.## billion dollars in rights issue
the us banking industry 's profits slid ## percent in the third quarter from a year ago to #.# billion dollars , reflecting the credit crisis ravaging the sector and overall economy , regulators said tuesday .	us banking profits slump ## percent
the world 's biggest miner bhp billiton announced tuesday it was dropping its controversial hostile takeover bid for rival rio tinto due to the state of the global economy .	bhp billiton drops rio tinto takeover bid
south korea posted a current account surplus of #.# billion dollars in october , the central bank said thursday , a figure that is likely to relieve pressure on the shaky won .	skorea posts current account surplus for october
iraq plans to hold a july referendum on a controversial military pact allowing us troops to remain for another three years that parliament is expected to adopt on thursday in a delayed vote .	iraq to hold referendum on us troops pact
new insurgency-linked violence left five policemen and ## militants dead in afghanistan , authorities said wednesday , as a un security council team continued a tour to assess post-taliban development .	## killed in afghanistan as un security council team tours
thailand 's powerful army chief wednesday told anti-government protesters they must leave several key sites that they are occupying , including bangkok 's international airport .	thai protesters must leave airport other sites : army chief
two units of taiwan 's industrial conglomerate formosa plastic group have agreed to lend ### million us dollars to micron technology of the united states , the companies said wednesday .	taiwan 's formosa to lend micron ### mln dollars for acquisition
greek state-run public power corporation -lrb- ppc -rrb- on thursday slumped to a loss of ###.# million euros -lrb- ### million dollars -rrb- in the first nine months of #### despite a ## percent increase in sales .	greek state power utility slumps into loss
consumer and business confidence in the european union slumped in november to the lowest level in ## years in the face of looming recession , according to an eu survey on thursday .	eu consumer business confidence hits ##-year low : survey
chinese shares were up #.## percent by midday thursday after the central bank announced its biggest interest rate cut in a decade to boost weakening economic growth , dealers said .	chinese shares up #.## pct at midday
celtic midfielder paul hartley launched a passionate defense of scottish football on friday after another week of european misery .	football : scottish football is not a joke says celtic star
a french plane has arrived in mumbai that could help repatriate up to ### europeans from the indian metropolis that has come under attack from islamist extremists , the french foreign ministry said friday .	french plane in mumbai to repatriate europeans
turkey 's telecom authority auctioned three #g mobile phone licences on friday , raising ### million euros -lrb- #.## billion dollars -rrb- at a time of strain on the national public finances .	golf : world cup scores
new zealand shares closed #.## percent higher friday in their fourth straight rise as investors welcomed an easing of volatility in world markets , dealers said .	new zealand shares close #.## percent higher
new zealand completed their second grand slam in three years and third overall with a ##-# win over england at twickenham here saturday .	rugbyu : all blacks down england to seal grand slam
the united nations and the european commission called on saturday for a global stimulus package , but the absence of major leaders at a un aid conference in qatar lowered hopes about the outcome .	un ec call for global stimulus at development meet
german chancellor angela merkel presides monday over a key annual congress of her party -- which has been divided over her response to the financial crisis -- ahead of federal elections in #### .	merkel 's party holds key congress ahead of #### polls
tamil tiger guerrillas monday admitted losing ## men in a weekend suicide attack against the navy in northern sri lanka which may have set back military plans for a fresh offensive against them .	tigers admit losing ## in suicide attack on navy
the european union is to take china to task at the un human rights commission over its policy , notably in tibet , after failing to win concessions from beijing , diplomats said monday .	european union to take china to task over human rights
the dollar was quoted at ###.##-## yen here early tuesday , up from ###.## yen monday afternoon and from ###.## yen in new york late monday .	dollar at ###.##-## yen in early tokyo trading
israel and qatar signed here on tuesday an agreement to open trade representation offices in each other 's country .	qatar israel sign accord to open trade offices
the dollar and major european currencies traded within narrow ranges on tuesday on the london forex market , which was waiting for the easter holiday weekend and for us employment figures to be announced on friday , traders said in late afternoon .	london forex market stable as market waits for easter us data
a senior us official arrived here wednesday for a week of talks with chinese counterparts aimed at settling a long-running dispute over copyright piracy in china .	us official in beijing for talks on copyright piracy row
the british government on wednesday pledged that if it decides , after general elections to be held within a year , to participate in a european single currency , it would put the question to a referendum .	referendum on monetary union if government decides to join
a court wednesday ordered a full investigation into the abductions of ## people amid widespread official persecution of leftists during argentina 's ####-#### military government .	court orders investigation of ## abductions in argentina
professor ding zilin has devoted six years to contacting families who lost relatives in the #### tiananmen massacre , but she spent chinese remembrance day alone thursday , grieving for her ##-year-old son .	families of tiananmen victims remember their dead alone
torture and maltreatment of prisoners , suspected terrorists and even children is increasingly widespread in many countries , according to the latest un report on torture released thursday .	torture is common practice in many countries : un report
mystery fumes swept through a tokyo subway station sunday forcing the hospitalisation of one woman and causing a new scare over the aum supreme truth cult .	woman injured in tokyo subway fumes scare
algerian leaders have pencilled in the first half of next year for key legislative elections which could usher in genuine democracy in the war-wracked nation , a political leader said sunday after talks with president liamine zeroual .	algeria targets #### for elections
eric cantona kept up his one-man crusade to land manchester united their third premiership title in four years by steering his side six points clear at the top with a #-# victory over coventry on monday .	red-hot cantona stokes united title hopes
foreign ministers and officials of ## islamic countries met in the bosnian capital wednesday to discuss the contribution of the islamic world to the reconstruction of this war-shattered country .	islamic countries discuss aid for bosnia
the electric car market got a jump start here wednesday as honda and toyota unveiled their vehicles for california , which is expected to be the us proving ground for non-polluting automobiles .	honda toyota unveil electric cars to woo california drivers by karen lowe
third-seeded byron black of zimbabwe ended german alex radulescu 's giant-killing run in the indian open here saturday to book a place in the final against top seed thomas enqvist of sweden .	black to play enqvist in indian open final
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri met sunday with egyptian president hosni mubarak for talks on the conflict in south lebanon , under an israeli air and artillery bombardment for the fourth straight day .	lebanese pm in cairo for talks on crisis
two israelis were hurt in hezbollah rocket attacks on sunday , the most sustained day of cross-border strikes since a showdown erupted with the guerrillas in lebanon , the army said .	two israelis hurt in hezbollah rocket attacks
the southern chinese city of guangzhou has set up a special zone allowing foreign consulates to build permanent offices and residences and avoid prohibitive local rents , the china daily reported tuesday .	guangzhou opens new consulate area
lebanese prime minister rafic hariri accused britain on tuesday of supporting the israeli assault on hezbollah guerrillas in lebanon as he announced plans to visit london .	hariri to visit britain which he accuses of backing israel
two heads of opec arrived here tuesday for the first visit by a delegation from the oil cartel since iraq 's #### invasion of kuwait , the official news agency ina said .	opec chiefs visit iraq for first time since #### gulf war
the pilots of an american airlines jetliner that crashed into a colombian mountain in december killing all ### people aboard were tired and confused , according to a preliminary investigation .	human error blamed for fatal american airlines crash
secretary of state warren christopher widened consultations on an israeli-lebanese ceasefire wednesday by including egypt and saudi arabia in the effort , an official said .	christopher widens consultations over israel-lebanon crisis
australian foreign minister alexander downer is to lobby singapore and thailand to support a proposed four-party peace meeting between south and north korea , deputy prime minister tim fischer said thursday .	downer to lobby for korean peace bid support
german parliament called on the international olympic committee on thursday to do more for women in sport .	olympics told to help women
newcastle united and manchester united will very likely play off for the english title if they finish level on points , goal difference and goals scored at the end of the season .	tie-breaker lined up for english title
the german government has protested to jakarta over violence treatment by indonesian security officers of a group of east timorese attempting to enter the embassy , a german diplomat told afp saturday .	german ambassador protests to jakarta over treatment of # etimorese
denmark 's poul-erik hoyer completed his hat-trick of men 's singles badminton titles at the european championships , winning the final here on saturday .	hoyer wins singles title
four people were killed and more than ## injured when a passenger train derailed near here sunday morning .	four killed in train accident
a chinese couple has lost beijing 's first court case that challenged the imposition of heavy fines for violating the country 's draconian family planning regulations , a report said monday .	chinese couple loses case challenging one child policy
three films from asia-pacific are in the running for the coveted golden palms at this year 's cannes film festival , competing in a field dominated by european productions , organizers announced monday .	three films from asia-pacific in the running at cannes
china and russia are to sign bilateral treaties on police cooperation during russian president boris yeltsin 's visit here this week to help combat transnational crime , xinhua reported tuesday .	china russia to sign police treaties during yeltsin visit
israeli aircraft carried out ## air raids on the region of tyre in south lebanon on tuesday , including seven on areas where un peacekeepers have positions without causing casualties , police said .	israeli warplanes launch ## raids on tyre region
president bill clinton announced reforms of the central intelligence agency aimed at restoring credibility in an espionage agency tarnished by the discovery of a russian mole in its midst .	clinton announces us intelligence reforms
india 's ruling party is headed for a disaster in general elections starting saturday and hindu nationalists are likely to become the largest group in a hung parliament , according to an opinion poll published thursday .	india 's ruling party headed for election disaster : poll
french foreign minister herve de charette arrived thursday in beirut from damascus on a fresh round of shuttle diplomacy and immediately went into talks with lebanese leaders .	de charette in lebanon
foreigners in sweden may finally be given access to the entire country during their stay after the government on thursday proposed to eliminate a ban on their presence in restricted areas .	foreigners may finally get to see all of sweden
hong kong shares closed down #.# percent on friday due to an absence of buyers and fresh incentives , dealers said .	hong kong shares end #.# percent lower
gold opened lower here on monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , against friday 's closing rate of ###.##-### .## .	gold opens lower in hong kong
israeli prime minister shimon peres said monday he was confident the ceasefire in lebanon would hold because it was in the best interests of both countries as well as syria .	peres confident ceasefire will hold
a chinese pro-democracy activist , who spent last year in self-imposed exile in france , has been arrested by police in shanghai , a report said tuesday .	chinese dissidents arrested in shanghai
the united states claimed credit tuesday for a ceasefire that ended fighting between israel and lebanese guerrillas , and rejected suggestions that it was forced to model the agreement after a french draft .	us takes the credit for israel-hezbollah ceasefire by carole landry
australian share prices fell #.## percent monday after investor sentiment was rattled by speculation the central bank will raise interest rates this week , dealers said .	australian shares down sharply on interest rate fears
india 's senior pro sachin tendulkar on wednesday broke his silence on the world cup debacle , saying the first round ouster had `` shattered the team 's dream .	cricket : tendulkar shattered by world cup exit
russian authorities want a european body to investigate the deaths of ### seals in the caspian sea , environmental officials said wednesday .	russia wants investigation into seal deaths
mark o'meara , the #### masters winner , doomed his chances of capturing this year 's first major championship if tradition holds by winning the masters par-# contest here wednesday .	golf : o'meara hopes to break masters par-# jinx
defending national basketball association champions miami , who have battled injuries all season , booked their playoff berth thursday with a thrilling overtime victory over cleveland .	basketball : nba champions heat book return trip to playoffs
brazilian defender pepe is out for the rest of the season with a knee injury , his porto coach jesualdo ferreira said saturday .	football : pepe out for season
russian president vladimir putin returned sunday a long-lost icon of our lady of vladimir to russia 's orthodox patriarch alexy ii ahead of the easter service in moscow , vowing to bring back other relics lost in the soviet times .	putin hands long-lost icon to orthodox patriarch pledges to return more
the new york yankees placed slugger hideki matsui on the ##-day disabled list on sunday with a strained left hamstring .	baseball : matsui back on disabled with strained hamstring
us oil services giant halliburton said monday it had wrapped up its work commitments in iran and was no longer conducting any projects in the islamic republic .	halliburton winds up iran work
french presidential frontrunner nicolas sarkozy on tuesday brushed off remarks from far-right rival jean-marie le pen who said sarkozy 's immigrant roots should be a factor for voters who head to the polls in less than two weeks .	france 's sarkozy brushes off far-right jab at immigrant roots
a sri lankan airlines jet headed for london turned around and made an emergency landing at the country 's only international airport thursday following a `` technical problem , '' officials said .	sri lankan jet makes emergency landing
the russian steel group evraz , in which billionaire roman abramovich owns a ##-percent stake , is in negotiations to buy canadian group ipsco , the daily vedomosti said on thursday , quoting sources close to the russian company .	russia 's evraz in talks to buy canadian steel group ipsco : report
turkish police have arrested two suspects believed to be behind a series bomb attacks last year at a popular southwestern resort that injured ## british tourists , the anatolia news agency reported friday .	turkey arrests two suspects behind resort bombing
two lines of burly riot police linked arms to trap protesters on a street in central moscow on saturday .	afp world news summary
france 's sebastian bourdais claimed his ##th career champ-car pole position here saturday , leading qualifiers for sunday 's long beach champ-car grand prix .	auto : bourdais grabs champ-car pole
wayne rooney admits manchester united 's breathtaking form has reinvigorated him for the decisive final weeks of the season .	afp world news service no unauthorized reproduction
nearly ###,### people immigrated to the netherlands last year , marking an increase for the fourth year , statistics showed on monday .	immigration to netherlands increased in ####
iran on tuesday sent its condolences to the people of arch enemy the united states after ## people were killed in a shooting at a university in the us state of virginia .	iran sends condolences to us over campus shooting
the finnish parliament on tuesday elected centre party leader matti vanhanen as prime minister , a post he has held since #### , after his party won legislative elections last month .	finnish parliament elects vanhanen as prime minister
the death toll from last month 's blast in siberia climbed to ### as two more bodies were discovered in the wreckage , the mine 's owner said wednesday .	russian mine toll rises to ###
riot police broke up scuffles thursday as a key by-election campaign began in malaysia that could bolster former deputy prime minister anwar ibrahim 's return to formal politics .	scuffles as key malaysian by-election kicks off
the white house on thursday warned iran of possible new sanctions after the un nuclear watchdog reported that tehran had begun sensitive nuclear work at a key site in defiance of un resolutions .	us warns iran of step backward on nuclear issue
ten bulgarians involved in trafficking women to france to work as prostitutes have been arrested following a joint operation by bulgarian and french authorities , the national investigation service said friday .	police arrest ten bulgarians for human trafficking to france
thousands of kashmiris chanting pro-pakistan slogans on sunday attended a rally to welcome back a hardline separatist leader who underwent cancer treatment in mumbai .	thousands attend rally for kashmir hardliner
ireland have been rewarded for their memorable world cup debut by being confirmed as the ##th best team in the world .	cricket : ireland confirmed in world top ten
turkmen president gurbanguly berdymukhammedov will begin a two-day visit to russia , his country 's main energy partner , on monday for trade talks , the kremlin press office said .	turkmen president to visit russia for energy talks
younis khan has pulled out of the pakistan squad to play a three-match series against sri lanka in abu dhabi in may saying he is still suffering from the team 's traumatic world cup .	cricket : younis pulls out of pakistan 's gulf trip
the only canadian detainee held at the us war-on-terror camp at guantanamo bay , cuba -- omar khadr , who was arrested in afghanistan in #### , at age ## -- has officially been charged with murder , spying and supporting terrorism , the pentagon said tuesday .	canadian held at guantanamo charged with murder
a consortium led by royal bank of scotland said wednesday it had proposed a ##.# - billion-euro counter-bid for dutch group abn amro , topping an offer from barclays by ## percent in the biggest banking deal ever .	rbs consortium makes counter-bid against barclays for abn amro
argentina 's #### french open champion gaston gaudio could be set to retire from the sport after he said on wednesday he was n't sure whether he would continue on the atp circuit .	tennis : anyone for tennis not gaudio
a firebomb seriously damaged the car of uruguay 's ambassador to greece overnight , police said thursday .	car of uruguayan envoy to greece firebombed
the euro hit ###.## yen in european trade early on thursday , its highest ever level against the japanese currency , on optimism about growth prospects for the ##-nation eurozone , dealers said .	afp world news summary
an israeli patrol crossed into southern lebanon on thursday and was forced to end its `` violation '' after the intervention of un peacekeepers , the lebanese army said .	israeli patrol crosses into lebanon : lebanese army
hollywood megastar and paparazzi favorite angelina jolie lobbied in washington thursday for the world 's orphans and children at risk .	angelina jolie seeks more aid for orphans poor children
european union foreign policy chief javier solana called on friday for the united states to open a `` channel of communication '' with iran on all subjects .	cricket : english cricket scores
sri lanka were ###-# after ## overs in the world cup final against australia at kensington oval on saturday chasing ### to win .	ice hockey : nhl playoff results
south african cricket captain graeme smith said on sunday he would not use politics as an excuse for south africa 's performance in the cricket world cup in the west indies .	cricket : politics not to blame for world cup failure : smith
silvia cavalleri denied lorena ochoa her chance to celebrate her new world no. # status with a victory sunday , the italian capturing her own first lpga title at the corona championship .	golf : corona championship scores
environmental groups monday called for immediate and decisive action on climate change , amid concern that powerful nations will seek to water down a masterplan aimed at tackling global warming .	green groups urge action now on climate change
sri lanka 's tamil tiger rebels said monday that they hit a military war plane on a bombing mission over their territory with anti-aircraft fire .	tennis : estoril atp and wta open results
an explosion in iraq 's restive northeastern province of diyala killed two us soldiers and wounded two more , the military reported monday .	two us soldiers killed in iraq blast december toll ###
myanmar 's opposition party , which is led by the detained aung san suu kyi , opened an art sale tuesday to raise money to help hundreds of political prisoners and their families .	aung san suu kyi 's party sells art to help prisoners
a guantanamo official squatted over a koran in front of a chained detainee and another bearded detainee 's head was wrapped in heavy packing tape as he prayed , a newly released fbi document on mistreatment at the war-on-terror prison reports .	fbi report shows mistreatment of guantanamo detainees
macedonian president branko crvenkovski will spend orthodox christmas this weekend with the country 's troops serving in iraq , his cabinet said thursday .	macedonian president to visit troops in iraq
six-party negotiations aimed at convincing north korea to abandon its nuclear weapons are expected to resume later this month in beijing , the us state department said friday .	us expects north korea nuclear talks to resume this month
detainees at the us guantanamo prison in cuba continue to be subjected to violence and extreme isolation , but abuse has become more subtle than three years ago , a lawyer representing several prisoners said tuesday .	abuse at guantanamo more sophisticated subtle : lawyer
russian world no. # nikolay davydenko became the fifth withdrawal through injury or illness at the sydney international wednesday , retiring from his second round match with a foot injury .	tennis : davydenko pulls out of sydney with injury
russia 's gas and oil giant gazprom and us oil major chevron have set up a joint venture based in resource-rich northwestern siberia , the interfax news agency reported thursday quoting gazprom officials .	gazprom chevron set up joint venture
sir alex ferguson revealed friday that david beckham 's move to the united states had not surprised him because he knew the midfielder would not return to england if he could not come back to manchester united .	football : ferguson says us was beckham 's only option
the top us envoy to nuclear disarmament talks with north korea will return to the region late next week to meet key allies , but there are no indications a resumption of six-party negotiations with pyongyang are imminent , a senior us official said friday .	us nkorea envoy headed back to asia but no signs of renewed six-party talks
a woman street cleaner and her three young daughters were killed saturday when a bomb in a metal container exploded in bangladesh , police said .	mother three daughters die in in bangladesh blast
los angeles galaxy coach frank yallop is not sure when david beckham is coming , but he knows where the former english captain is going .	football : galaxy coach wants beckham in central midfield
italian police have uncovered a scheme by which the families of some ### illegal immigrant minors were duped into paying a gang for their freedom , police said monday .	six arrested in sicily for trafficking immigrant minors
munster hooker jerry flannery was included in ireland 's ##-man six nations squad on tuesday after returning to fitness from a shoulder injury which had kept him out of the autumn internationals .	rugby union : flannery back in ireland squad
an international terror suspect who had been under a controversial loose form of house arrest is on the run , british home secretary john reid said tuesday .	international terror suspect slips net in britain
dalian city commercial bank confirmed wednesday it would sell a near ##-percent stake to canada 's scotiabank and the international finance corp , a private investment arm of the world bank .	afp world news summary
a third vessel may have contributed to a fatal collision between a container ship and a passenger hydrofoil in italy 's busy messina strait , press reports said wednesday .	third vessel implicated in messina strait collision
iraqi president jalal talabani and high-ranking syrian baath party officials met here thursday and affirmed their joint aim to improve ties between the two countries , official media said .	iraqi president syrian baath party strive for better ties
australian stocks are expected to remain near record levels in the week ahead , although uncertainty over commodity prices could see a drift away from mining shares towards the financial sector , dealers said friday .	australian share sentiment expected to stay positive in week ahead
former us lawmaker bob ney , a member of president george w. bush 's republican party , was sentenced on friday to ## months in prison , the us department of justice said .	former us lawmaker sentenced to ## months in prison
us defense secretary robert gates returned home early saturday with assurances that so far iraqi prime minister nuri al-maliki is living up to his pledge to support a renewed crackdown on sectarian violence .	gates returns home after road testing new iraq iran strategy
a bomb blast in a bus killed five people and wounded ## in baghdad on sunday as the us military announced the arrival of about #,### new troops to secure the violent city , security officials said .	cycling : tour down under stage five results
insurgents killed five us troops across iraq 's sunni province of al-anbar , bringing us losses in a single day to ## , the military reported sunday .	five us soldiers killed in western iraq
china reinsurance , the nation 's only reinsurer , received a four-billion-dollar government fund injection in preparation for listings at home and abroad , state media said monday .	chinese reinsurer gets # billion dollar injection ahead of ipos
for a tiny caribbean nation , cuba has a big reputation for its sporting prowess but that is increasingly coming under threat .	boxing : cuba worried as talent continues to desert
a german registered container ship ran aground at the entrance to the french port of le havre early tuesday , but authorities said there were no casualties .	container ship runs aground in french port
a senate panel began debate wednesday on a resolution condemning president george w. bush 's plan to send an additional ##,### troops to iraq , in what would be , if it passes , an unprecedented rebuke of the us leader .	senate panel weighs no-confidence measure on bush troop surge
germany 's aliona savchenko and robin szolkowy won their first major title when they claimed pairs gold at european figure skating championships here on wednesday .	figure skating : germans claim european pairs gold
four children were killed and another three wounded thursday when an old mortar fuse exploded as they played with it in afghanistan 's capital , police said .	children killed by old explosives in afghanistan
un chief ban ki-moon on thursday huddled with his special envoy for kosovo to discuss the disputed serbian province 's future status on the sidelines of the paris conference on lebanon reconstruction , his spokeswoman said .	un chief discusses kosovo on sidelines of lebanon aid talks
vaccinations have reached record levels in poor countries , saving the lives of some #.# million children , a global immunisation program funded by computer billionaire bill gates said friday .	vaccines work miracles in poor countries : gates
sweden 's jens byggmark won his second men 's world cup slalom within ## hours here on sunday .	cricket : south africa v pakistan scoreboard
pope john paul ii had such a passion for skiing that he carried on hitting the slopes -- incognito -- even after becoming pontiff , according to a memoir by his personal secretary stanislaw dziwisz .	pope john paul ii hit the ski slopes incognito : aide 's memoir
russia is cautiously optimistic about upcoming six-nation talks aimed at dismantling north korea 's nuclear weapons program , deputy foreign minister alexander losyukov was quoted as saying tuesday .	cautious optimism for nkorean nuclear talks : russia
several mortar rounds slammed into a baghdad sunni district tuesday , killing at least ## people , hours after dozens of shiite pilgrims were killed in other attacks around iraq , police said .	## killed by mortar fire on baghdad sunni district
some ## countries met here wednesday to set national quotas for tuna whose total catch has been reduced to prevent the immensely popular fish being hunted to extinction .	nations to set tuna quotas amid extinction fears
eight people were killed and several injured when two passenger vans collided wednesday near the western kenyan city of kisumu , throwing one of them into a nearby river , officials said .	eight killed in kenyan traffic smash
chelsea owner roman abramovich and england captain david beckham top english soccer 's rich lists .	second test scoreboard
the pentagon has decided to bolster u.s. forces in iraq in advance of elections scheduled for late january by sending elements of the ##nd airborne division from fort bragg , north carolina , and extending the tours of duty for other units already in iraq , officials said wednesday .	pentagon sending more troops to iraq to provide security before election
crude oil prices rose briefly before heading lower and dropping through us$ ## friday following two days of sharp sell-offs as worries about low winter fuel inventories dissipate amid rising supplies .	oil prices fall after initial bounce
austrian christoph gruber took the first-run lead saturday by two-tenths of a second in a world cup giant slalom , which claimed defending discipline champion bode miller , who crashed early in his run .	dutch soccer results
two major challenges are expected to unfold monday when ohio secretary of state kenneth blackwell certifies the state 's final presidential election results , declaring president george w. bush the winner by about ###,### votes .	new round of challenges expected as ohio certifies vote monday
ukraine will not pull out its #,###-member contingent from the u.s.-led coalition in iraq for at least four to five more months because the withdrawal would be too expensive , the defense minister said monday .	defense minister says ukrainian military to stay in iraq at least four months
shots in the air , music in the streets and screams of joys greeted six students who returned home monday after being released from an israeli jail the day before in a high-profile prisoner swap .	egyptian students released from israeli jail return home will not face charges
state-owned indian airlines and air-india will soon finalize plans to buy new planes , the aviation minister said tuesday , in what would be another major battle for orders between the world 's largest commercial aircraft makers _ airbus and boeing .	india to expedite us$ # billion purchase of new aircraft for state-owned airlines
jack newfield , a muckraking reporter and newspaper columnist who wrote books on robert f. kennedy and boxing impresario don king , has died .	u.s. columnist author jack newfield dies at ## ; wrote books on bobby kennedy don king
three city police officers have been arrested on suspicion of shooting two arizona tourists they were allegedly trying to rob , federal police reported on wednesday .	mexican federal agents arrest city police accused of robbing arizona residents
in a land of magic and mystics , beyond the waves of the arabian sea , lives a hero whose soul will forever remain american .	annals of globalization _ india has its own spider-man tailored to local tastes
days of rioting between christians and muslims in eastern pakistan following allegations that a quran was defiled escalated saturday , leaving six christians dead , including a child , authorities said .	# pakistani christians die in riots with muslims
it 's the perfect miami morning at carlos justo 's penthouse -- warm and bright , with luxury yachts powering through the sparkling blue atlantic ocean some ## stories below .	a superstar real estate agent plots his comeback
a european union naval spokesman says pirates have freed a malaysian tugboat they held for more than seven months .	somali pirates free malaysian tugboat
a cambodian court convicted an outspoken opposition legislator on tuesday of defaming prime minister hun sen , despite complaints from rights groups that the lawsuit was aimed at silencing critics .	court rules politician defamed cambodian pm
an independent pakistani human rights commission said tuesday that rioting that killed eight christians last week was not spontaneous but was planned by the attackers , some of whom belong to an al-qaida-linked group .	pakistan rights group : christian riots planned
the u.n. security council voted unanimously tuesday to name and shame countries and insurgents groups engaged in conflicts that lead to children being killed , maimed and raped .	un to name those that kill children in war
pakistan 's air force says one of its fighter jets has crashed on a training flight , killing the pilot .	pakistan air force fighter jet crashes pilot dies
sportswear maker adidas ag said wednesday its second-quarter net profit fell ## percent as currency effects and tough competition weighed on earnings , but hopes of an improvement over the rest of the year helped the company 's share price leap # percent .	adidas q# net falls ## pct ; shares up on h# hopes
a suspected u.s. missile strike killed a wife of pakistani taliban chief baitullah mehsud at his father-in-law 's house wednesday , pakistani intelligence and military officials said .	officials : taliban chief s wife killed by missile
reinsurer hannover re ag said thursday that its second-quarter net profit doubled as demand increased for its products , particularly life and health reinsurance .	hannover re s #nd-quarter profit doubles
newcastle starts its new season in unfamiliar surroundings against very familiar opponents when it takes on west bromwich albion in the league championship on saturday .	newcastle opens second-tier season at west brom
two u.s. senators are blocking ## of president barack obama 's nominees for senior administration posts at the pentagon and justice department in protest over a proposal to house guantanamo detainees at the fort leavenworth prison in their midwestern home state of kansas .	us senators bar obama nominees protest guantanamo
a uighur activist called friday for a u.n. investigation of recent violence in western china , as ### people demonstrated outside the chinese consulate in melbourne .	uighur activist calls for probe on unrest in china
portugal has agreed to take two syrian detainees from guantanamo on humanitarian grounds , the government said friday -- becoming the third eu nation to accept inmates from the u.s. military prison .	portugal taking # syrian guantanamo detainees
the new general motors co. said friday it was worried about regaining consumer confidence following its exit from bankruptcy protection , and that its sales wo n't improve in #### as u.s. economic troubles continue .	new gm worries about regaining consumer confidence
sonia sotomayor was sworn in saturday as the supreme court 's first hispanic justice and only third female member in the top u.s. court 's ###-year history .	sotomayor sworn in to top us court
chinese ace lin dan is poised to become the first player in world badminton championship history to win three successive men 's singles titles .	lin dan chases hat-trick of world titles
nestle sa , the world 's biggest food and drink maker , reported wednesday a # percent fall in first-half net profit as the recession hurt consumer demand and divestments and a stronger swiss franc weighed on sales .	nestle posts # pct fall in h# net profit
president barack obama 's campaign for a health care overhaul is an intense installment in a long-running story , dating to theodore roosevelt in #### .	analysis : health care debate a long-running story
president barack obama is presenting the highest u.s. civilian honor to ## actors , athletes , activists , scientists and humanitarians .	activists actors athletics honored by obama
a swiss court has backed the government 's plan to give aid agencies # million swiss francs -lrb- $ # million -rrb- seized from bank accounts linked to haiti 's former dictator jean-claude `` baby doc '' duvalier .	swiss court says haitian money can be given as aid
the leader of lebanon 's militant hezbollah warned israel friday his fighters would hit tel aviv with rockets if israeli forces attack beirut or the guerrillas ' stronghold in its southern suburbs .	hezbollah chief : we ll hit tel aviv if beirut hit
israel appears to be quietly halting new building projects in the west bank even as it publicly refuses u.s. calls for an official settlement freeze .	israeli officials : new west bank projects frozen
sanya richards shook off years of disappointment with her first major title in the ### meters , pumping her fist after crossing the line at the world championships .	richards wins bolt through to semifinals in ###
canada 's prime minister has dined on seal meat in a gesture of support for the sealing industry .	canadian pm has seal meat
greece international central defender sotiris kyrgiakos says he intends to join liverpool after receiving an offer from the premier league club .	kyrgiakos says intends to join liverpool
ivory coast striker boubacar sanogo is set to leave werder bremen for french first division side saint-etienne .	sanogo set to sign for saint-etienne
don hewitt , the cbs newsman who invented the highly popular tv newsmagazine `` ## minutes '' and produced it for ## years , died wednesday .	cbs news pioneer don hewitt dies at ##
south african teenager caster semenya received her gold medal thursday for her ###-meter win at the world championships .	semenya receives medal for ### win
roger federer struggled in blustery conditions to overcome david ferrer of spain #-# , #-# , #-# to reach the quarterfinals of the western and southern financial group masters on thursday .	federer needs # sets to reach quarterfinals
an iraqi police official says a bomb attached to a small truck has exploded near a vegetable market in southern baghdad , killing two and wounding ## .	iraq : # killed in baghdad truck bombing
u.s. home resales posted the largest monthly increase in at least ## years last month as first-time buyers rushed to take advantage of a tax credit that expires this fall .	july home sales surge more than # percent
the obama administration launched a criminal investigation monday into harsh questioning of detainees during president george w. bush 's war on terrorism , revealing cia interrogators ' threats to kill one suspect 's children and to force another to watch his mother sexually assaulted .	inhumane cia terror tactics spur criminal probe
president barack obama has announced he wants ben bernanke to get a second four-year term as head of the federal reserve , praising his `` calm and wisdom '' in the face of a near financial collapse .	obama selects bernanke for second #-year fed term
diego maradona predicted a victory against brazil in their world cup qualifier at rosario on sept. # .	maradona predicts victory over brazil
an outspoken uighur economist who disappeared for more than a month after being accused of stirring up china 's worst ethnic violence in decades said wednesday that authorities have freed him without charge .	china frees outspoken uighur intellectual
police say gunmen have opened fire on a group of men in a street in the southwestern pakistani city of quetta , killing three .	# killed in shooting in pakistan
the moroccan royal palace says a doctor has ordered king mohammed vi placed in convalescence for five days for a digestive infection .	morocco s king convalescing with digestive virus
it 's not green cheese , but it might as well be .	moon rock in dutch museum is just petrified wood
facebook agreed thursday to give users more control over the information they share with third-party applications like games and quizzes in response to concerns raised by canadian privacy officials .	facebook agrees with canada on privacy controls
hours after being lightly wounded by a suicide bomber , a senior saudi prince largely credited with the kingdom 's aggressive anti-terrorism efforts said friday he was more determined than ever to fight militants in the country .	saudi prince vows to fight terrorism after attack
utrecht , netherlands -- dutch judges friday called a ##-year-old girl 's plan to sail solo around the world `` undeniably daring and risky , '' but refused to scupper it completely , in a high profile clash between child care authorities and liberal dutch parenting .	dutch delay ##-year-old sailor s worldwide trip
formula one leader jenson button crashed out of the belgian grand prix on sunday and will finish out of the points for the first time this season .	f# leader button crashes out of belgian gp
german media company bertelsmann said monday it lost money in the first half of the year on declines in advertising revenue and consumer spending .	bertelsmann makes #h net loss of euro### million
shares in africa israel investments ltd. , one of israel 's largest companies , have plummeted by one-third in two days after its diamond tycoon owner acknowledged possible problems paying off billion of dollars in company debts .	israeli mogul s empire foundering
worried by dozens of abusive telephone threats received by doctors and nurses , police have tightened security at a hospital treating a man accused of murdering ## people in a shooting and arson spree .	hospital security tightened after threats made ; cafeteria to be demolished
for the first time since this caribbean nation gained independence in #### , a woman is running the country - if only temporarily .	for first time woman acting as prime minister
carlos moya snapped thomas muster 's ##-match clay streak saturday at the bmw open , posting a surprisingly one-sided win over the austrian .	eds : contains items on lebanon kuwait jordan saudi arabia
baghdad authorities have reopened the roads leading from the city of kirkuk to the kurdish self-rule area in northern iraq , the official iraqi news agency has reported .	iraqi authorities reopen roads to kurdish area
clouds of dark smoke billowed over the city sunday as #,### liberian refugees stood on the deck of a freighter , sadly singing a patriotic hymn and waving farewell as the ship inched away from the burning capital .	sultan azlan shah cup at a glance
the governing party on tuesday suspended a veteran local legislator who was expelled from the senate because of ethics violations .	governing party suspends senator after expulsion from senate by benjamin morales melendez
the government has combined poland 's seven state-owned oil refineries and the main gasoline distribution network into a holding company , making it the biggest enterprise in the country , officials said wednesday .	refineries gasoline distribution formed into one operation
the european union lost at least #.## billion european currency units -lrb- dlrs #.# billion -rrb- to fraud last year , amounting to #.# percent of its total budget , the eu commission reported wednesday .	eu reports dlrs #.# billion lost to fraud last year by mark lawrence
a malaria epidemic in azerbaijan is in danger of spreading into neighboring countries , the world health organization said thursday .	who fears malaria outbreak in azerbaijan could spread
norwegian shipyard workers rejected a wage offer friday and said they would strike next week , shutting down key shipyards and offshore oil construction yards .	sultan azlan shah cup at a glance
russian border guards in tajikistan seized ### kilograms -lrb- ### pounds -rrb- of raw opium bound for smuggling abroad , the guards ' command said saturday .	russian border guards seize ### pounds of raw opium
john lucas , who lost his job as general manager of the philadelphia ##ers last week , was fired as coach of the national basketball association team on monday .	##ers fire lucas as coach two assistants
about ### bosnian army soldiers flew to turkey on tuesday , where they will receive three months of training on new weapons the muslim-led government expects to receive .	bosnian soldiers leave for training in turkey with bc-yugoslavia
if the communists win presidential elections in june their economic program includes plans to confiscate private fortunes and property and stop russians from going abroad , a newspaper reported wednesday .	report : communist program would confiscate money and property
the dutch insurer aegon nv said wednesday its first-quarter net profit rose ##.# percent and turnover rose ##.# percent , largely due to better results in life and general insurance .	dutch insurer aegon reports net profit rise
russia will ease its currency gradually lower against the dollar during the second half of #### but at a rate lower than russian inflation , top officials announced thursday .	concacaf olympic qualifying at a glance
palestinian leader yasser arafat will visit greece next week , the government said thursday .	arafat to visit greece
pope john paul ii landed friday for the first time in independent slovenia , where he will celebrate his ##th birthday this weekend amid some of his favorite scenery _ mountains _ and with some of his favorite people _ the young .	precede rome pope lands in slovenia on birthday weekend
russian troops backed by aircraft monday bombarded a village held by chechen rebels as insurgents stepped up attacks on government posts in the capital , officials said .	fighting escalates in chechnya
marc rosset upset boris becker in straight sets to pace switzerland over germany in the opening round of the world team cup monday , while spain beat sweden #-# .	switzerland spain win opening matches
a county on the route of the olympic torch passed an anti-gay resolution tuesday night that is identical to one that prompted officials to reroute the torch around a georgia county .	greenville county passes anti-gay resolution
two cabinet members submitted their resignations to former premier tansu ciller on wednesday as part of her attempt to tighten the grip on premier mesut yilmaz .	ciller increases pressure for confidence vote eds : leads with cabinet ministers proposing resignations
wong peng soon , a four-time all-england singles badminton champion and singapore 's most famous sportsman , has died of pneumonia .	badminton ace dies
a group of puerto rican businessman will visit chile to explore possible new markets , this u.s. commonwealth 's economic development bank announced .	puerto rican trade mission to visit chile
world no. # joko suprianto beat poul erik hoyer-larsen ##-## , ##-# sunday to lead defending champion indonesia to a #-# victory over denmark in the final of the thomas cup , the premier men 's team badminton tournament .	indonesia blanks denmark #-# to retain thomas cup
an american delegation scouring the former soviet union for information on u.s. soldiers missing in action meets with tajik government leaders this week , a news agency reported monday .	us delegation arrives in tajikistan to look for mias
romanian authorities have issued arrest warrants for officers of a taiwanese cargo ship and want them extradited if canadian police find evidence they should be tried for throwing three stowaways overboard .	romania seeks arrest of ship officers in stowaway case
armed with a `` magnificent seven '' of young guns from an experienced world-beating youth squad , portugal could be the surprise of the european championship finals .	armed with experienced young guns portugal hopes to surprise europe
his final words from the top , beamed by radio from everest 's frozen peak , were triumphant , jubilant .	death raises questions about south african team by duncan guy
france midfielder emmanuel petit will miss the confederations cup in june because of minor leg injuries , while patrick vieira is an almost certain absentee , france 's coach said .	france 's petit to miss confederations cup vieira highly doubtful
general motors corp. and ford motor co. posted declines thursday in light vehicle sales for last month compared with a robust april a year ago , though results were better than the past couple of months .	wta croatian bol ladies open results
hadi is no. ## on the u.s. coalition 's list of the ## most-wanted figures .	doha qatar : reported arrest
formula one teams have agreed to a complete ban on automatic gearboxes and launch control for #### , auto racing 's governing body said friday .	fia reaches agreement to keep drivers in control of cars
rebels and government forces signed a countrywide cease-fire agreement saturday , even as insurgents alleged fresh attacks by government forces .	ivory coast government rebels sign countrywide cease-fire ; fighting reported
muslim guerrillas attacked a southern philippine town and took hostages sunday in fighting that killed at least four people , the military and rebels said .	australian rugby league results
latvia celebrated its independence day by upsetting russia #-# , and slovakia remained unbeaten after routing austria #-# at the world ice hockey championship on sunday .	latvia upsets russia #-# slovakia whips austria #-#
the rope on the flagpole is still broken .	british reopen their baghdad embassy but they ca n't call it that yet
germany 's lufthansa on monday inaugurated a service allowing passengers from frankfurt airport to check in at the railroad station in cologne , bypassing queues at continental europe 's biggest hub .	lufthansa opens cologne check-in service for passengers from frankfurt airport
as other parts of the world stepped up precautions against sars , state-run newspapers tuesday reported china 's premier as saying the situation in beijing `` remains grave '' and that officials who do n't work hard to fight the disease will be punished .	china says sars grave in beijing ; hong kong treats patients with serum ; us university bans some asian students
president george w. bush named l. paul bremer , a former ambassador and head of the state department 's counterterrorism office , to become civilian administrator in iraq and oversee the country 's transition to democratic rule .	bush names former state department official to head transition in iraq
president george w. bush named l. paul bremer , a former ambassador and head of the state department 's counterterrorism office , to be his special envoy to iraq and oversee its transition to democratic rule .	bush names former state department official to head transition in iraq
president chandrika kumaratunga accused her political rival , sri lanka 's prime minister , of `` degrading '' the country 's military and raising the `` false hope '' that a safety net provided by friendly nations would protect against a resurgence of civil war .	sri lankan president accuses rival prime minister of raising false hope of international safety net in dispute with tamil rebels
mama rose will be back in `` gypsy '' thursday .	bernadette peters misses performances but will return to critically acclaimed gypsy revival
china 's cabinet says sars is wreaking havoc not only among its people but also its economy , and in the faraway jungles of cambodia a new mystery illness has appeared _ baffling doctors just like sars once did .	china says grim sars crisis hitting economy ; new mystery disease in cambodia
the united states will introduce a resolution friday calling for the united nations to lift sanctions against iraq immediately and phase out the oil-for-food aid program over four months , diplomats said .	u.s. to urge u.n. to lift sanctions against iraq and phase out oil-for-food program
danny ainge said thursday he had two one-hour meetings with the new owners of the boston celtics but no deal has been completed for him to return to the franchise .	ainge says no deal completed with celtics
exxon mobil has launched a us$ ##-million lubricant oil plant in bangladesh in a joint venture with state-owned jamuna oil company , officials said friday .	exxon mobil launches its lube plant in bangladesh
seeking a central role for the united nations in iraq , the leaders of anti-war germany and france said friday they were committed to `` constructive negotiations '' over a draft u.n. resolution that would leave iraq under u.s. and british control for a year .	anti-war germany and france open to u.n. draft resolution on iraq
the honduran government will fine the san francisco international airport , or sfo , us$ ###,### for not upgrading airport facilities , a federal official said friday .	honduras fines u.s. company in charge of country 's airports
montenegro will hold its third presidential election in six months on sunday , with a pro-independence candidate a clear favorite to become the leader of the small republic , part of a union with the much bigger serbia .	montenegro to hold third presidential election in six months
a move in the u.s. congress to link immigration with opening up mexico 's state oil company to u.s. investment has outraged mexicans , and newspapers accused american lawmakers of arrogance and blackmail .	mexicans outraged by u.s. congress move to link immigration with oil
the city of frankfurt is marking the ##th anniversary of the book burnings in nazi germany by staging a series of readings , exhibits and discussions about the authors and their works who were deemed `` non-german .	german cities mark ##th year of nazi book burnings
comments by u.s. treasury secretary john snow helped propel the euro higher against the dollar to over us$ #.## on monday , a new four-year peak as the ##-nation currency closed in on its all-time high .	snow 's weekend comments fuel further rise of euro against dollar in european trading
bangladesh and bhutan signed a five-year agreement on monday to promote bilateral trade , officials said .	bangladesh bhutan sign new trade deal
european finance ministers kicked off two days of talks monday dominated by concern over lethargic growth , swelling budget deficits and a euro rising close to record highs against the dollar .	eu finance ministers discuss rising euro budget deficits
panamanian police announced monday they had recovered about ### stolen gold and ceramic pre-hispanic artifacts stolen in february from panama city 's anthropology museum .	panama recovers stolen pre-hispanic artifacts
with deportivo de la coruna , real sociedad and real madrid jammed together at the top of the standings with five rounds remaining , the spanish title race looks set to run to the wire .	spanish title race promises thrilling finish
british foreign minister jack straw eulogized anti-apartheid fighter walter sisulu tuesday as '' a great fighter for freedom , '' as he began his two-day visit to south africa .	british foreign minister visits south africa
the suicide bomb attacks in saudi arabia were `` a cowardly and disgraceful terrorist atrocity , '' prime minister tony blair said wednesday .	two britons missing after saudi suicide blasts
the penultimate phase of talks intended to end more than a decade of violence and chaos in somalia entered its final session wednesday after months of torturous negotiations marred by disputes and allegations of corruption .	penultimate phase of somali peace talks reach final stage after months of dispute
a russian scientist facing espionage charges asked for a jury trial on wednesday , the itar-tass news agency reported .	report : russian scientist requests a jury trial
in the second scandal this year involving alleged illegal union donations to the former ruling party , an opposition senator filed a complaint wednesday claiming that money diverted from a rail workers ' union membership fund wound up in the #### campaign of former president ernesto zedillo .	opposition senator accuses union of illegal contributions to former president 's #### campaign
heavily armed u.s. army forces stormed into a village near the northern city of tikrit before dawn on thursday , seizing more than ### prisoners , including one man on the united states ' `` most-wanted '' list of former iraqi officials .	major night raid in northern iraq aims at nabbing u.s. most-wanted iraqis
the u.s. coast guard stopped six illegal cuban migrants who tried to enter the florida keys on a small boat thursday , plucking five from the water , one after he treaded water for more than two hours , authorities said .	u.s. coast guard trying to rescue cuban migrants in florida keys
the driver of the tractor-trailer that became a sweltering deathtrap for ## people was charged thursday with transporting and harboring illegal immigrants , and authorities searched for three more suspects in one of the deadliest smuggling schemes in u.s. history .	truck driver charged in smuggling scheme that left ## dead
a young man with a wispy beard is emerging as a suspect in a series of ## explosions at shell stations in southern karachi , police officials said friday .	pakistan police prepare sketches of suspected gas station bombers
the dutch national soccer association friday suspended feyenoord rotterdam forward robin van persie for two games , the latest in a string of punishments meted out to players on competitive teams in the final stages of the season .	dutch soccer association suspends van persie for two games
whether it 's a brilliant smile or tears of joy , helio castroneves lets you know how he feels .	castroneves knows when to get serious
taiwan announced its biggest jump in sars cases saturday with ## new people infected , and the island 's new health minister said the outbreak has been worsened by sick people not being honest about their illnesses and infecting health workers .	taiwan registers biggest one-day increase in sars ; new health minister accuses people of hiding symptoms
leading the preakness field at the far turn , edgar prado sensed victory as he prepared peace rules for the final push to the finish line .	prado watches potential victory fade in stretch
saudi arabia 's interior minister says an international effort is needed to crack down on terrorism , but downplayed the role being played by u.s. investigators in probing the riyadh suicide bombings that he linked to al-qaida .	international effort needed to crack down on terrorism but limited u.s. role into riyadh bombing probe
a palestinian riding a bicycle blew himself up near an israeli army jeep monday in the fourth hamas suicide bombing in two days , while israel decided to deepen yasser arafat 's isolation in response to the latest violence .	fourth hamas suicide bombing in two days injures three soldiers
botswana is scheduled to begin tests on an aids vaccine to find out if it is safe when given to healthy adults , officials said monday .	botswana to begin trials for aids vaccine
hundreds of teachers taking part in a nationwide strike sat down on the railway used to carry tourists to visit the incan ruins of machu picchu monday , forcing the train company to cancel service , a company spokesman said .	striking teachers in peru block train carrying tourists to machu picchu
celebrating the ##th anniversary of the first ascension to the summit of mount everest , sir edmund hillary recalled tuesday how his partner , tenzing norgay , saved his life just before they began the historic climb .	edmund hillary recalls how tenzing norgay saved his life
pakistan will host bangladesh for three test cricket matches and five one-day international matches in august , an official said tuesday .	cricket minnows bangladesh to tour pakistan in august for test one-day series
former president nelson mandela on wednesday asked the english national soccer team to support south africa 's bid to host the #### world cup .	atp world team cup results
alan jackson continued his winning ways by capturing album of the year honors at the academy of country music awards .	alan jackson garners album of the year as las vegas hosts u.s. country music awards
swiss and swedish investigators raided several offices in and around zurich as part of an ongoing investigation into whether the telecommunications company lm ericsson held back information for a required tax audit , officials said thursday .	sweden 's ericsson investigated by swiss swedish officials over taxes
army gen. tommy franks , who planned and commanded the american-led wars in iraq and afghanistan , has decided to retire , defense officials said thursday .	gen. franks commander of war in iraq to retire officials say
led by a lone ivory coast army pickup truck , french and west african military convoys set off in jeeps and armored vehicles friday on a mission to secure the lawless west after civil war .	french-led troops set off to secure ivory coast 's law
french foreign minister dominique de villepin will meet with yasser arafat on monday at the palestinian leader 's headquarters ramallah , the french foreign ministry announced friday .	french foreign minister dominique de villepin to meet palestinian leader yasser arafat
he 's leader of the world 's most populous nation , but a mystery to most .	hu 's debut : western leaders get rare chance to size up china 's new leader
more troops are needed to restore order in iraq , the top british military official here acknowledged sunday as the u.s. military catalogued small steps forward in the enormous and enormously complicated task .	dutch soccer scores
after years of disappointment , an elegantly simple medical technique that targets bad cells while leaving healthy ones alone could be making a comeback in the high-profile fights against cancer and the sars virus .	experimental smart bomb drug targets sars
companies that reduced their u.s. tax bill by incorporating overseas did $ # billion worth of business with the federal government last year , an associated press computer analysis of federal contracts showed .	offshore companies do $ # billion in business with u.s. government
hungry tigers and lions have been attacking each other at a chinese zoo that says it ca n't afford to feed its animals because of a slump in visitors amid sars fears .	french open results
the santos scoring machine will be missing a cog when it meets mexico 's cruz azul on wednesday in a second-leg quarterfinal for the copa libertadores .	french open show court schedules
a federal jury ordered ebay inc. to pay $ ## million for violating patents filed by an attorney in a ruling that could change how the online auction house operates .	federal jury orders ebay to pay $ ## million in patent dispute case
israelis and palestinians must take immediate steps to implement an internationally backed `` road map '' to mideast peace because it `` is vital that -lrb- our -rrb- two peoples feel something is changing on the ground , '' palestinian prime minister mahmoud abbas said in comments published wednesday .	palestinian prime minister calls for peace plan implementation
police arrested about three dozen opposition lawmakers from a provincial assembly wednesday during two protests against constitutional changes made by pakistan 's president to increase his power .	pakistan police arrest more opposition lawmakers in second day of protest
in a story sent may ## about panama recalling its diplomatic staffs in china , hong kong and the philippines as a precaution against sars , the associated press reported erroneously that the embassies and consulates were closed .	editors :
microsoft corp. will pay aol time warner $ ### million and let the media company license its browsing software for seven years in a settlement to resolve an antitrust lawsuit against the software giant , the companies announced thursday .	microsoft to pay $ ### million to aol in settlement
in a twist of the u.s.-russian controversy over iran 's nuclear program , russia 's atomic energy minister on friday suggested washington join moscow in building a nuclear power plant in iran .	russian minister offers united states to join moscow 's nuclear deal with iran
the suspension of pentagon efforts to find and recover the remains of thousands of american war dead from north korea was a precautionary move to reassess whether conditions were safe for u.s. teams , president george w. bush said .	bush : suspending u.s. remains recovery effort was not caused by threat to u.s. personnel
a u.s. congressman expressed concern wednesday over the health of venezuela 's democracy and condemned pending conspiracy charges against a leading government opponent .	u.s. congressman expresses concern over venezuelan democracy under chavez
workers at greece 's largest oil refinery threatened thursday to stage a ##-day strike over pay and new labor contracts .	greek refinery strike threatened over pay labor reforms
the dutch government vowed thursday to set the country on a less ambitious course in the european union , responding to public concern that the eu is moving too far , too fast .	dutch government vows to set new course after eu constitution rejection
sixteen years since the bloody crackdown on tiananmen square , china 's grip on dissent has tightened under the leadership of president hu jintao , disappointing those who hoped he might represent a more tolerant leadership .	#### copa libertadores
bureaucrats .	bureaucrats get their share of blame in european constitution crisis
at stake for the detroit pistons in game # against the miami heat is so much more than their nba playoff lives .	o'hair has to switch u.s. open qualifying sites
armed confrontations in the west bank and gaza involving palestinians disgruntled with their government over promises of security jobs or seeking revenge for past killings are calling into question mahmoud abbas ' ability to pacify his territories .	unrest in west bank gaza over jobs police positions
thor hushovd won the first stage at the dauphine libere on monday , while six-time tour de france champion lance armstrong finished in the chasing pack .	hushovd wins first stage at dauphine libere armstrong finishes in chasing pack
a u.s. commitment to provide $ ### million -lrb- euro### million -rrb- for famine relief in africa may take some of the sting out of president george w. bush 's opposition to a proposal by british prime minister tony blair to spend even more money .	blair seeks support from bush in boosting africa fighting global warming
a possible takeover of hvb group by italy 's unicredito italiano spa drew support from three hvb board members and a workers group tuesday as talks between the banks went on .	hvb board members offer support for possible unicredito takeover
long before making `` the terminator , '' arnold schwarzenegger was a young austrian bodybuilder hitting the books at santa monica college in the early ####s .	schwarzenegger 's planned speech causing friction at community college
justice ministers from greece and turkey signed an agreement wednesday aimed at assisting reforms ankara must make to join the european union .	greece to train turkish judges to help eu accession bid
beatings and brutality are common at rio 's youth detention centers , but abuses often go unreported because there is no outside monitoring , human rights watch said thursday .	human rights watch denounces abuses in youth detention centers in brazil
investors punished brazilian stocks thursday for the fourth day in a row amid continuing fallout from allegations that president luiz inacio lula da silva 's workers party paid bribes to buy votes in congress .	brazilian stocks plunge for fourth straight day amid corruption scandal
share prices were higher on the london stock exchange friday .	london share prices close up
israeli police have found the olympic gold medal of windsurfer gal fridman that had been stolen , the athlete said saturday .	israeli police say they have found the olympic gold medal of windsurfer
malaysia 's first two submarines are expected to arrive from france in #### , news reports said sunday .	reports : malaysia 's first two submarines to arrive from france in ####
michelle wie was rolling her eyes and slapping her thigh in disgust early in the final round of the lpga championship .	wie proves she belongs with second-place finish
swedish truck maker volvo ab and norwegian oil and gas company statoil asa are launching a joint venture on fuel cell technology aimed at cutting emission from idling engines .	volvo statoil start joint venture on fuel cell technology to cut emissions
police shot and killed an opposition politician , prompting authorities to detain six officers , a government spokesman said as the government rejected an opposition offer to renew a peace deal .	ethiopian police kill opposition politician
israel 's military chief said tuesday that the planned withdrawal from the gaza strip this summer would be difficult to accomplish if palestinian militants wage attacks on israeli forces trying to evacuate the settlements .	army chief says gaza withdrawal will be difficult under fire
pakistan 's information minister tuesday denied running terrorist camps , a day after a visiting separatist kashmiri leader praised him for helping train militants fighting indian troops in the himalayan region .	### meter record progression
president aleksander kwasniewski said wednesday that the european union constitution `` is not dead , '' and reiterated that poland would wait to decide how to vote on the treaty until after this week 's eu summit .	poland 's president says constitutional treaty not dead
one of phil jackson 's first observations upon returning to the los angeles lakers was he 'd be `` most amazed '' if they were in position to contend for a championship during the life of his three-year contract .	jackson faces major challenge with lakers this time around
russia 's constitutional court has agreed to hear the first case challenging president vladimir putin 's abolition of direct elections for governor , a court spokeswoman said thursday .	russian high court agrees to hear challenge to putin 's abolition of elections for governor
several hundred unarmed supporters of a presidential candidate who was denied registration in next month 's election stormed the kyrgyz government headquarters on friday in the largest protest to grip the central asian country since an uprising in march .	hundreds of supporters of rejected presidential candidate break into kyrgyz government building
a passenger train running solely on biogas will make its maiden journey in sweden on monday in what officials said was a major step toward making public transport more environmentally friendly .	sweden to roll out biogas powered train
tom kristensen of denmark will drive for a record seventh victory in the ##-hour endurance race at le mans this weekend .	kristensen vies for record-breaking seventh victory at le mans
french open champion justine henin-hardenne said she 's better equipped to win wimbledon than in years past .	world cup qualifying : gabon # rwanda #
fighting raged across southern afghanistan on sunday , with the u.s. military killing up to ## suspected taliban fighters along a narrow mountain footpath , and rebels firing rockets into the main southern city of kandahar .	u.s. airstrikes kill up to ## rebels in southern afghanistan fighting rages elsewhere
china faces traditional powerhouse germany on tuesday in the round of ## at soccer 's world youth championship .	china success at youth world championship shows preparation for #### olympics
in a policy shift , israel arrested more than ## islamic jihad militants in the west bank overnight , following a series of attacks by the group against israeli targets , military sources said .	israel in policy change widens net for islamic jihad militants
the u.s. senate endorsed president george w. bush 's climate change policies tuesday , approving a measure that avoids mandatory reductions of heat-trapping pollution while still boosting government support for cleaner energy sources .	u.s. senate votes for offshore energy inventory debates climate change
sri lanka 's parliament convened wednesday for the first time since a major coalition partner withdrew its support of the government in protest of a plan to share tsunami aid with tamil tiger rebels .	sri lanka parliament meets marxists to be neutral so long deal with tamils is not signed
a federal grand jury has indicted two brazilians , already facing charges at home , in the killing of an american nun who spent decades trying to save the amazon rain forest .	u.s. grand jury indicts two men in killing of american nun in brazil
china 's third largest oil producer cnooc ltd. .	china 's cnooc offers us$ ##.# billion for unocal trumping chevron 's bid
philippine president gloria macapagal arroyo has never received election campaign support from illegal gambling operators , her spokesman said friday , denying claims by an outspoken roman catholic archbishop at a time she faces accusations of electoral fraud .	philippines arroyo denies receiving support from illegal gambling operators
russia 's attempts to enter the world trade organization are on track , the country 's trade minister claimed friday , but trade officials said negotiations still face many obstacles .	russian minister says wto membership possible by december but others say obstacles remain
britain criticized `` serious deficiencies '' in iran 's elections saturday and urged the new president to address international concerns about the country 's nuclear program .	britain criticizes iran election urges move on nuclear concerns
german chancellor gerhard schroeder arrived in washington for a visit shortened by election-year pressure and overshadowed by the possibility germany will have a new , more pro-american leader this fall .	election year overshadows schroeder 's shortened visit to washington
bulgaria will buy back us$ ###.## million -lrb- euro### million -rrb- in brady bonds next month , slashing part of its debt to foreign creditor banks seven years in advance , the finance ministry said on monday .	bulgaria to buy back us$ ###.## million in brady bonds
malaysia 's national car maker proton expects to export its cars to russia by early next year to boost its overseas sales , a company official said tuesday .	malaysian carmaker proton seeks inroads into russia by early next year
the prosecutor of a french military tribunal will request preliminary hearings for six rwandans who alleged that french troops had a role in the #### rwanda genocide , judicial officials said wednesday .	prosecutor requests hearings for rwandans who accused french army of role in #### genocide
gold bullion opened thursday at a bid price of us$ ###.## a troy ounce , down from us$ ###.## late wednesday .	gold opens lower in london
grenada 's leader will visit china next week to negotiate new aid deals and finalize several agreements that arose from the island 's decision to restore ties with the asian country and sever relations with rival taiwan .	grenadian leader to visit china next week to strengthen newly restored ties
financier werner k. rey lost a major round in his extradition battle thursday when a magistrate ruled that the swiss government has shown that he does have a case to answer back home .	magistrate says rey has case to answer
south korea will play for its third straight olympic women 's handball gold medal when it meets denmark saturday .	denmark south korea advance to final eds : repeating
a zairean diplomat was among three african men arrested for smuggling ## kilograms -lrb- ### pounds -rrb- of marijuana into sweden , the swedish news agency tt reported friday .	zairean diplomat among three arrested for pot
legislators said monday they plan to seek more details from gov. chris patten over the sudden resignation of this british colony 's top immigration official .	legislators seek more details over resignation of official
succumbing to public pressure , a subsidiary of the giant hyundai conglomerate said wednesday it will pull out from co-sponsoring u.s. pop star michael jackson 's scheduled performance here .	business giant hyundai pulls out of michael jackson concert
a bomb exploded in a crowded cafe thursday afternoon and injured seven people , the government said , in the latest of a wave of attacks on city restaurants .	bomb explodes in algiers cafe injuring seven
echoing a familiar theme in the state-controlled press , a top leader of the military government blamed the pro-democratic opposition for trying to isolate burma and deny it foreign aid .	top junta leader says opposition trying to ostracize burma
u.s. and russian naval forces practiced rescue techniques wednesday in the event of natural disasters , but the joint exercises in the sea of japan were cut short by an approaching typhoon .	typhoon cuts short russian-american naval exercises
the face of french singer daniel guichard grins from a poster advertisement .	briefs from canada eds : all dollars are canadian unless otherwise noted
the government has cut a dramatic hike in electricity charges after workers threatened to strike .	sudan rescinds price hike after union protests
boris yeltsin blasted his security chief 's handling of the chechnya crisis , raising doubts about the truce signed thursday and deepening the confusion over russian policy in the breakaway republic .	first-round scores at german open
japan 's kimiko date lost the first four games before rallying for a #-# , #-# , #-# victory over top-seeded arantxa sanchez vicario of spain in the final of the dlrs ###,### toshiba tennis classic on sunday .	bank of boston scores
finland scored three goals in a ##-second span of the first period tuesday night for a #-# victory over the czech republic in their world cup of hockey opener .	finland routs czech republic at world cup
despite croat promises to protect minority rights , serbs in areas liberated last year by the croat army are frequent targets of assaults and thefts , the u.n. chief reports .	italian cup at a glance
greek foreign minister theodoros pangalos reopened the greek consulate in the southern city of gjirokaster saturday , on a visit meant to demonstrate that bilateral tensions are a thing of the past .	greek foreign minister visits to demonstrate improved ties
two days of torrential rains washed away roads , triggered landslides and submerged homes , killing at least ## people and leaving dozens more missing , disaster relief headquarters said saturday .	heavy rain kills people in south korea
italy 's andrea gaudenzi , coming back from a shoulder injury , saturday reached the final of the generali open by outlasting spain 's francisco clavet in three sets .	gaudenzi on rise again reaches final of generali open
the palestinian journalists association has forbidden its members from engaging in non-professional contact with israelis and has threatened to blacklist journalists who break the rules , an official from the organization said sunday .	scandinavian masters scores
a spanish judge opened an investigation monday into the cause of a collision in which five young british tourists were killed a day earlier .	eds : contains items on jordan israel egypt kuwait
amateur american alexandra stevenson lost concentration and with it a potential upset monday in the toshiba tennis classic .	france 's testud takes first day of competition
rescuers plucked two more bodies from river estuaries on south korea 's south coast wednesday , raising the death toll from weekend flash floods to ## .	death toll from floods rises to ## ; ## still missing
prince charles is setting up a new architectural foundation and hopes to call a truce between modern and traditional styles .	prince charles sets up modern architectural foundation
india 's top nuclear expert shrugged off antinuclear protests by indians on hiroshima day , saying the activists should instead shout slogans in washington and moscow , a newspaper reported saturday .	top nuclear scientist shrugs off indian antinuclear protests
a heatwave has killed ## people in the past ## hours on this eastern mediterranean island where temperatures have reached ## celsius -lrb- ### fahrenheit -rrb- , the authorities said saturday night .	heat wave kills ## people in cyprus
thailand 's battered economy should start to bottom out in the first quarter of #### provided the government 's efforts are n't neutralized by outside developments , a news report said monday .	economic crisis to bottom out early next year minister says
adding to china 's flood miseries , a river burst its banks in the north , stranding ###,### people and washing away rail lines , the official xinhua news agency said sunday .	floods strand ###,### in north china
an encounter between army soldiers and separatist guerrillas in kashmir on monday left ## militants dead , an official said .	ten militants killed in kashmir
an israeli businessman turned bank robber whose motorcycle getaways were legendary in israel during the late ####s will be released early for good behavior , the prison authority said monday .	israeli bank robbing legend to get early prison release
new zealand 's ruling coalition splintered tuesday under pressure from prime minister jenny shipley , who warned her minor party counterparts to support her or face an early election .	coalition minority partner splits as shipley warns of early
a rash of malaria cases has been recorded in central russia and emergency workers fear an epidemic , a news agency said wednesday .	officials fear spread of malaria in central russia
leonardo piepoli of italy was the clear winner thursday of the fourth stage of the tour of burgos while frenchman laurent jalabert closed the gap on overall leader abraham olano .	results of tour of burgos cycling race
with concrete ramparts fortifying its compound , the u.s. embassy remained on full alert friday against possible terrorist attacks after u.s. missile strikes in sudan and afghanistan .	u.s. embassy in malaysia heightens security after missile strikes by alvin ung
greece monday said its security forces were in a state of `` extreme vigilance '' to thwart any retaliatory terrorist attacks against american interests here .	security forces in state of extreme vigilance
retired gen. alexander lebed urged the russian government monday to appoint a representative to the troubled northern caucasus region , a news agency reported .	lebed : russia needs new post for troubled caucasus
in chicago , frank thomas and albert belle hit consecutive homers for the seventh time this season , and chicago beat baltimore to stop a six-game losing streak .	toronto : the sixth
where is abu nidal ? american news reports say the notorious terrorist is detained in egypt .	by the associated press central league
turkish authorities detained ## would-be immigrants attempting to cross into greece , paramilitary police in the provincial capital of edirne said thursday .	turkish authorities detain ## would-be refugees on greek border
lebanon warned israel thursday that if it bombs lebanese infrastructure in retaliation for guerrilla rocket attacks , it will destroy the #### understanding on the border conflict and provoke further violence .	with israel-lebanon foreign minister : attacks on lebanon will not benefit israel
scott fisher doubled in a run and struck out ## batters as toms river , new jersey -lrb- u.s. east -rrb- advanced to its first little league world series final with a #-# victory over greenville , north carolina -lrb- u.s. south -rrb- on thursday night .	greater vancouver open scores
the leader of germany 's jews , ignatz bubis , urged the government on friday to at least symbolically back an industry initiative to establish a fund for nazi slave laborers .	jewish leader calls on government to establish fund for nazi slave
defending champion fc barcelona drew with modest racing de santander while zaragoza trashed athletic de bilbao #-# to take the lead sunday in the spanish first division 's opening round .	argentine soccer standings
an earthquake with the magnitude of #.# shook slovenia 's central region early monday , but there was no injuries or serious damage , seismologists said .	quake shakes central region
sammy sosa took two curtain calls _ one for himself and one for kerry wood .	cubs # reds #
southeast asian foreign ministers , seeking to bolster their combined clout , met wednesday with a string of other countries seeking better relations and trade in a region seen as full of potential investment and sales opportunities .	seeking to bolster clout asean talks with dialogue partners
new chinese foreign minister yang jiechi has sometimes looked ill at ease this week , negotiating his way through the busy corridors of asia 's largest security gathering .	new chinese foreign minister adjusting to limelight at key international meeting
torino striker david di michele will be allowed to play friendly matches despite being banned for three months for illegal betting .	torino striker david di michele allowed to play friendlies despite ban
after weeks of uncertainty , democrats in the house of representatives have decided against a confrontation over automobile fuel economy when they take up energy legislation later this week .	house decides against pursuing tougher fuel economy as part of energy bill
web sites usually used by islamic militants groups announced a new , major al-qaida video would be released soon .	major new al-qaida video expected on the internet
the belarusian president said thursday his country will pay $ ### million -lrb- euro### million -rrb- to settle its gas debt to russia in the next few days and that the president of venezuela may help to pay the bill , the interfax news agency reported .	belarus president pledges to pay $ ### million gas debt to russia
the scottish football association wants to issue retrospective bookings for diving this season -- a move fifa has warned is against the rules of the game .	scottish fa in dispute with fifa over issuing retrospective yellow cards to diving players
new zealand 's telecom corp. on friday reported a sharply higher annual net profit of nz$ #.## billion -lrb- us$ #.## billion ; euro# .## billion -rrb- , boosted by a one-off nz$ #.## billion -lrb- us$ #.# billion ; euro# .# billion -rrb- gain from the sale of its yellow pages business .	new zealand telecom annual profits boosted sharply by subsidiary business sale
a funds wrangle between the european union and ## south pacific nations ended friday after the eu assured regional trade ministers it never intended to cut development aid funding in a dispute over an economic partnership deal , officials said .	south pacific european union aid funds wrangle ends
president george w. bush signed legislation that intensifies the anti-terrorism effort in the united states , shifting money to high-risk states and cities and expanding scrutiny of air and sea cargo .	bush signs anti-terror bill carrying out many sept. ## commission recommendations
allrounder andrew flintoff is expected to be selected for two england cricket squads on monday after recovering from injury .	andrew flintoff likely to get recall to england squads after recovering from injury
european stock markets struggled to maintain their equilibrium and most asian indexes fell monday following wall street 's plunge at the end of last week on lingering credit concerns that have been roiling markets .	european markets struggle most asian indexes drop after wall street s plunge
a judge monday ordered three men extradited to the u.s. to face charges in an alleged plot to attack new york 's john f. kennedy international airport , and a confidential u.s. document said they planned to seek help from iran .	trinidad judge orders # extradited in alleged jfk plot
an indian court formally charged ## men with a slew of crimes for their alleged role in train bombings last year that killed scores of people in india 's financial capital .	indian judge formally charges ## in deadly #### mumbai train bombings
an indian court formally charged ## men with murder and other charges for their alleged roles in train bombings last year that killed ### people in india 's financial capital of mumbai .	indian judge formally charges ## in deadly #### mumbai train bombings
olympic gold medalist laure manaudou has likely found a new coach -- her older brother .	manaudou s new swimming coach expected to be her older brother
gold opened at us$ ###.## an ounce on wednesday in hong kong , up us$ #.## an ounce from tuesday 's close of us$ ###.## .	gold opens higher in hong kong
iraqi authorities clamped a three-day driving ban on the capital and erected new checkpoints , while thousands of shiite pilgrims began their annual trek toward a mosque in northern baghdad to mark the anniversary of the death of one of shiite islam 's key saints .	iraqi authorities impose #-day driving ban in baghdad ahead of shiite holiday
the u.s. has cut the population of the guantanamo bay detention center to nearly half its peak in #### but is struggling to empty it further .	security human rights concerns make clearing guantanamo prison a struggle
puma ag said thursday that its second-quarter profit slipped nearly ## percent as rising sales in europe were offset by a ## percent sales decline in the americas and a slide in u.s. orders for shoes .	puma sees #nd-quarter profit slip as sales decline in americas
the euro slipped against the dollar on thursday even as u.s. weekly jobless claims rose slightly .	euro slips against us dollar
jurors visited phil spector 's mansion thursday to see the place where actress lana clarkson died , some of them sitting in a chair to mimic the position in which her body was found .	jurors in spector trial visit mansion where actress died
mexico on thursday criticized the `` excessive use of force '' by american border authorities and slammed what it called insensitivity among u.s. legislators who failed to approve immigration reforms .	mexican slams border shooting u.s. failing to pass immigration bill
a judge ruled friday that britain 's state-run health service must review its decision not to give all alzheimer 's patients access to three drugs to treat the brain-destroying disease .	court says government must review decision to restrict access to alzheimer s drugs
divers took another body from the wreckage of a collapsed freeway bridge , bringing the death toll to # , with five still missing .	bridge death toll rises to # confirmed as federal authorities promise more money
three egyptian brothers died in the explosion of a leftover land mine they were toying with near egypt 's suez canal , hospital officials said sunday .	three teenage brothers killed in land mine explosion in egypt
iraq 's most senior sunni politician issued a desperate appeal for arab nations to help stop what he called an `` unprecedented genocide campaign '' by shiite militias armed , trained and controlled by iran .	military reports # american deaths in iraq ; sunni politician claims genocide campaign
a suicide bomber targeted a u.s.-led coalition convoy in eastern afghanistan on monday , while afghan security forces clashed with the taliban militants in southern afghanistan , leaving nine militants dead , officials said monday .	afghanistan clash kills # taliban # police
the ##-nation euro fell monday against the u.s. dollar after the u.s. commerce department reported consumer spending was up , despite fears the recent housing crisis could trigger a recession .	euro falls slightly against u.s. dollar
wall street gave up a moderate gain in late trading and closed marginally lower monday after the federal reserve and other central banks added more cash to their banking systems , helping investors set aside some concerns about credit tightness .	wall street edges lower after banks add liquidity dow falls #.##
state-run oil company petroleo brasileiro sa , or petrobras , said tuesday it plans investments of us$ ###.# billion -lrb- euro## .# billion -rrb- in production , exploration and other activities in brazil and around the world through #### .	brazil s petrobras to invest us$ ###.# billion over next five years
lawyers for muslim charity leaders accused of aiding middle east terrorists scored a rare win in court tuesday when a federal judge blocked some evidence seized by israeli soldiers during raids of palestinian organizations .	judge in trial of muslim charity leaders bars some evidence
six people were fatally shot in the western town of duisburg , a police spokesman said wednesday .	# people fatally shot in germany police report
israeli troops uncovered a tunnel constructed by gaza militants who intended to dig under the border fence and into israel , a military spokesman said wednesday .	israeli troops uncover tunnel in northern gaza greenhouse
the u.s. dollar was trading at ###.## yen at #:## a.m. -lrb- #### gmt wednesday -rrb- , down from ###.## yen late wednesday in new york .	dollar lower against the yen in early tokyo trade
north korea 's economy shrank for the first time in eight years in #### amid an international nuclear standoff , energy shortages and falling farm output , south korea 's central bank said thursday .	north korea s economy shrank in #### amid nuclear tensions
max roach , a master percussionist whose rhythmic innovations and improvisations provided the dislocated beats that defined bebop jazz , has died after a long illness .	max roach the master jazz percussionist dead at ##
the son of democratic presidential candidate joe biden is preparing for deployment to iraq .	son of anti-war presidential candidate prepares for deployment to iraq next year
the dollar slipped against the euro on friday after the u.s. federal reserve cut its discount rate to banks by a half percentage point .	dollar slides against euro as fed cuts discount rate
hurricane dean roared through small caribbean islands friday , tearing away roofs , flooding streets and killing three people as the powerful storm muscled its way across the eastern caribbean on a collision course with jamaica and mexico 's yucatan peninsula .	large powerful hurricane dean hits eastern caribbean islands
u.s. representative dennis hastert , the former speaker of the u.s. house who held the post during a tumultuous period of american history , has announced he will not seek re-election .	former us house speaker hastert says he will not run for re-election
the largest u.s. group of psychologists is to decide sunday what role , if any , its members can play in interrogating terror suspects at guantanamo bay and other u.s. military detention centers .	us psychologists weigh ban on guantanamo interrogations
white house political adviser karl rove said sunday he sees encouraging signs for the republican party in the public 's strong negative opinions of democratic presidential front-runner hillary rodham clinton and the democratic-run congress .	rove : clinton s high negatives declining views of congress give gop hope for ####
at least ## people were killed as typhoon sepat hit the chinese mainland after more than ###,### were evacuated as a precaution , state media reported .	storms lash chinese coast killing ## ; ###,### evacuated as precaution
financial giant hsbc said monday it is in talks to buy the controlling stake in korea exchange bank currently held by u.s. private equity group lone star funds .	hsbc in talks to buy controlling stake in korea exchange bank from lone star funds
leona helmsley , the hotelier who went to prison as a tax cheat and was reviled as the `` queen of mean , '' died monday at age ## .	hotelier leona helmsley reviled as queen of mean dies at ##
# .	u.s. open seeds list
hurricane dean plowed into the caribbean coast of mexico on tuesday as a roaring category # hurricane , lashing ancient mayan ruins and heading for the modern oil installations .	eye of roaring hurricane dean strikes mexico s yucatan peninsula
a detained iranian-american academic accused of acting against national security has been released from a tehran prison after a hefty bail was posted , a top judiciary official said tuesday .	iranian-american academic held in tehran released on bail
the jewish group anti-defamation league on tuesday reversed itself and called a world war i-era massacre of armenians a genocide .	jewish group in us reverses stand ; calls armenian massacre genocide
the body of a ##-year-old woman was found tuesday in western mexico , the last of ## people who were swept away and killed in a fast-moving river .	death toll from mexico flash flood reaches ##
the u.s. dollar was mixed against other major currencies in european trading wednesday morning .	us dollar mixed gold down in european morning trading
the kenyan president refused wednesday to approve legislation that has widely been condemned as an attack on independent media because it would allow kenyan courts to compel reporters to reveal their sources .	kenyan president refuses to sign proposed media law
a runway incursion in which two airliners may have missed each other by less than ## feet -lrb- ## meters -rrb- at los angeles international airport is under investigation by the national transportation safety board , the agency said wednesday .	near collision between two airliners on los angeles runway under investigation
georgia said an aircraft from russia had violated its airspace , raising tension just weeks after the ex-soviet republic claimed a plane from russia launched a missile on its territory near a radar site .	georgia says aircraft from russia violated its airspace for the second time this month
the dubai stock exchange broke a law on takeovers in its efforts to acquire nordic bourse operator omx ab , sweden 's top financial regulator ruled thursday , but did not impose any sanctions .	swedish regulator says borse dubai bid for omx illegal but refrains from punishment
two u.n. envoys accused the cambodian government on thursday of interfering with the judiciary by transferring a top judge from the khmer rouge genocide tribunal , which they said was a violation of the constitution .	un envoys slam cambodia over genocide judge s transfer
meatpacking plant officials accused of discriminating against dozens of somali muslim workers have offered to tweak break times to help accommodate the workers ' prayer demands .	swift offers partial accommodation for muslim prayers
a majority of poles continue to oppose hosting a u.s. missile defense base , according to a poll released friday .	poll : ## percent of poles oppose hosting u.s. missile defense base
the german soccer federation voted friday to triple the number of players tested for doping this season from the ### tested last season .	german soccer federation to boost the number of doping controls
a reggae festival in new york which was created to promote peace among cultures is being denounced by gay and lesbian groups for allowing performers with a history of anti-gay lyrics .	gay lesbian groups protest ny reggae concert because of anti-gay music
iraq 's embattled prime minister lashed out at american critics sunday , saying sen. hillary clinton and other democrats who have called for his ouster should `` come to their senses '' and stop treating iraq like `` one of their villages .	iraqi leader lashes out at u.s. critics as american pressure mounts
the nikkei stock average of ### issues closed at ##,###.## points on the tokyo stock exchange monday , up ##.## points , or #.## percent , from friday .	tokyo stock market s main index rises #.## percent
attorney general alberto gonzales has resigned , ending a months-long standoff with republican and democratic critics who called for his ouster over the justice department 's botched handling of fbi terror investigations and the firing of u.s. attorneys , officials said monday .	us sources : attorney general gonzales has resigned
there is no `` imminent crisis '' that would require a special legislative session to fix a mistake in a new law that lets residents of any age -- even toddlers -- marry with parental consent , arkansas governor mike beebe said monday .	governor : mistake in law that could let kids marry is no imminent crisis
whole foods market inc. said it had support from enough shareholders of wild oats markets inc. to complete the purchase of its rival , putting a successful end to a takeover opposed by federal antitrust regulators .	whole foods says it has enough shares to buy rival wild oats
the euro drifted lower against the u.s. dollar tuesday after a report showed that german business confidence slipped again , hit by turbulence in global financial markets .	euro drifts lower on slip in german business sentiment
greece 's president described the fires ravaging his country 's forests as a national catastrophe , as thousands of firefighters -- hundreds of them brought in from other countries -- fought to control blazes that have burned nearly ###,### hectares -lrb- ###,### acres -rrb- .	greek president says fires a national catastrophe as death toll rises to ##
oil and gas futures fell tuesday as concerns about refineries faded and opec suggested that the oil cartel sees no need to boost production .	oil and gas futures fall on refinery opec news while storm prediction boosts natural gas
gusty winds pushed a wildfire closer to sun valley resort 's ski area , while hundreds more homes were ordered evacuated in the valley below .	gusty winds whip idaho wildfire near sun valley ski area ; hundreds more homes evacuated
the u.s. dollar was mostly higher against other major currencies in european trading wednesday morning .	u.s. dollar mostly higher gold up in european morning trading
ireland is growing warmer and wetter because of greenhouse gas emissions and faces increasingly tough challenges to combat floods and manage water supplies , a government-funded report concluded wednesday .	ireland growing warmer wetter because of global warming report finds
police used tear gas , water cannons and clubs against demonstrators staging nationwide protests wednesday over government social and economic policies .	clashes arrests mark national day of protest against economic policies in chile
cesar luis menotti , who managed argentina to the #### world cup title , said wednesday he 's full of energy and looking forward to directing uag tecos of guadalajara .	menotti looking forward to getting tecos headed in right direction
two american priests were to be consecrated thursday as anglican bishops in kenya , the latest in a string of conservative priests who are defecting to african churches in a dispute over homosexuality .	u.s. priests getting ordained in kenya say american church has lost its way
tyson gay proved thursday he is in a class of his own when he completed a sprint double at the world championships with a win in the ### meters .	gay completes sprint double has eyes on third gold medal
leona helmsley 's decision to leave $ ## million -lrb- euro# .## million -rrb- to her dog so it could live out its life in luxury proved once and for all that she was not one of the little people .	size aside helmsley s $ ## million bequest to dog is far from unique
japanese stocks rose friday as exporters rallied on the yen 's weakness against the dollar and banks climbed on news that the u.s. government was working on a policy to ease subprime woes .	tokyo stock market s main index surges #.## percent on yen s weakness
lebanese army helicopters stepped up raids friday on al-qaida-inspired islamic militants barricaded in a palestinian refugee camp in the country 's north , after five soldiers were killed , a senior military official said .	lebanese helicopters step up raids on islamic militants after # soldiers die
baa plc , the spanish-owned airports operator facing harsh criticism for delays and overcrowding at heathrow , announced the appointment of two high-profile directors on friday in a bid to improve its poor public relations and performance .	airports operator baa names two high-profile directors as it attempts to repair reputation
a republican u.s. senator arrested in a police sex sting in an airport men 's bathroom will resign from the senate amid a furor over his arrest and guilty plea , republican officials said friday .	republican us senator to resign saturday in storm over sex sting at an airport men s room
two workers at germany 's bayer ag were taken to a hospital for examination after ## tons of a carcinogenic chemical leaked at a factory in western germany , the company said tuesday .	chemical spill at bayer plant in west germany
in an effort to overcome a growing rift within judaism , israel 's orthodox chief rabbis met wednesday with reform and conservative leaders .	jewish leaders meet in israel in effort to overcome religious
negotiations between the bruins and the nhl 's no. # draft pick , joe thornton , have snagged over what boston general manager harry sinden called an `` ominous '' proposal from the ##-year-old forward 's agent .	proposal from nhl 's no. # pick stuns bruins
ukraine 's monthly inflation rate dropped to #.# percent in june from #.# percent the previous month , the national bank said friday .	ukrainian inflation drops to #.# percent in june
latvian president guntis ulmanis on friday expressed condolences to jews for the nazi holocaust and conceded `` with shame and indignation '' that latvians were among their persecutors , a news agency reported .	latvian president expresses condolences to jews over holocaust
president daniel arap moi said rallies planned across the country monday to demand reforms before general elections this year threaten development in kenya .	moi opposes rallies for reforms
less than a week out of office , former gov. chris patten has thrust himself back into hong kong politics with accusations that britain ignored the former colony 's leanings toward democracy in an attempt to appease china .	former governor : britain ignored hong kong democracy desires by ted anthony
deepening economic woes and diplomatic stalemates may force north korean leader kim jong il to delay plans to assume full power , a south korean government report said monday .	seoul report : kim jong il may delay assuming full power in north korea
the defense force commander who led a mutiny over the government 's plan to hire mercenaries said his dismissal thursday from the army was an act of political vengeance .	stocks close higher in tokyo
rescue workers picked through the rubble of a collapsed school and an office building in northeastern venezuela thursday , desperately trying to save dozens of people buried in an earthquake .	precede caracas earthquake in venezuela leaves at least ## dead
the dollar slipped against the yen on profit-taking in early monday trading in tokyo , while share prices rose moderately .	dollar lower stocks rise in early trading
a virgin islands police investigator was charged monday with trying to smuggle ##.# kilograms -lrb- ## pounds -rrb- of cocaine to atlanta in his carry-on luggage , police said .	v.i. police investigator charged with attempted drug smuggling
iranian authorities have seized ### kilograms -lrb- #,### pounds -rrb- of opium in the northern mazandaran province , the official islamic republic news agency reported tuesday .	iranian agents seize half a ton of drugs
austrian women in leading positions complained about lingering male domination in their society in a meeting tuesday with visiting u.s. first lady hillary rodham clinton .	austrian women complain to mrs. clinton about male domination by roland prinz
european leaders on wednesday praised u.n. secretary-general kofi annan 's strict reform plan for the unwieldy united nations , and echoed his call for tighter budgets and reduced bureaucracy .	mir 's problems at a glance
the missing father of andrew cunanan , the prime suspect in the fatal shooting of italian fashion designer gianni versace , has been found in the philippines , police and news reports said friday .	cunanan 's father in philippines believes in son 's innocence
one of ousted president sese seko mobutu 's most powerful allies in the business community has been arrested by the new government for suspected embezzlement , joining several dozen other former mobutu associates in custody .	top business ally of mobutu arrested by congo 's new government eds : bemba is correct as second reference
supporters of radovan karadzic expelled his rival , the bosnian serb president , from the ruling party in an effort to close ranks in the face of strong external pressure .	bosnian serb president booted from ruling party eds : leads throughout with bosnian serb president expelled by
hale irwin won his fifth senior pga tour event of the year sunday , edging lee trevino by two strokes to capture the dlrs #.## million burnet senior classic .	results of brazilian national soccer championship games
two grenades exploded near a national police station monday , slightly injuring one woman , news reports said .	two grenades explode near spanish police station
justin leonard hoisted high his british open trophy to the delight of cheering fans and friends who turned out at the airport monday to welcome home the ##-year-old from dallas .	scores turn out to greet british open winner
black american leaders , gathering for a summit aimed at promoting u.s. aid and investment in africa , on tuesday defended the expense of convening the lavish talks in the impoverished continent of their ancestors .	black americans gear up for lavish summit by angus shaw
puerto rico ended water rationing for nearly half a million residents tuesday after heavy rain partly replenished a reservoir serving the san juan metropolitan area .	puerto rico ends water rationing
amid concern that the peace process in angola is unravelling , the security council on wednesday threatened economic sanctions against angolan rebels and accused them of failing to honor agreements to end the ##-year-old civil conflict .	security council raises again the prospects of sanctions against unita
arab entrepreneurs should wage a financial `` holy war '' for east jerusalem by investing in the arab part of the city , a senior palestinian official says .	palestinian official urges arabs to invest in jerusalem
faced with shifting strategic interests and the need to cut costs , france is reconsidering its commitments in africa , a foreign ministry spokesman said friday .	france rethinks its africa policy by deborah seward
the chief of staff has endorsed a military court verdict condemning a jordanian soldier to life in prison for killing seven israeli tourist girls , officials and newspapers said sunday .	army chief endorses life sentence on jordanian soldier
egypt trounced ethiopia #-# sunday in a group three qualifying round , earning a coveted spot in the #### african nations cup .	egypt trounces ethiopia in african nations cup qualifier
several economists say thailand _ an asian economic success story until #### _ could see its first recession in ## years .	bangkok : economic woes
asian stock markets closed generally higher tuesday , but share prices fell in tokyo after rising for three straight sessions .	asian stock markets close generally higher
italian tax police on tuesday searched offices of silvio berlusconi 's media company fininvest in connection with a tax evasion investigation of the spanish television network telecinco .	italian tax police search offices of berlusconi group
a saudi dissident pleaded innocent wednesday to plotting to kill americans in his homeland as his attorney said an earlier agreement to plead guilty was invalid .	saudi suspect pleads innocent to plotting against americans eds : combines pvs ; no pickup
nasa on wednesday rejected the u.s. astronaut who was supposed to be the next american to live on the russian space station mir because she 's too short .	european cups scores by the associated press
when hashemi rafsanjani steps down sunday after eight years as iran 's president , he will leave behind an administration that has strengthened its grip on power and stabilized the economy but still has n't come to terms with the west .	results in modern pentathlon world championships
the eighth asia-pacific traditional arts festival opened saturday at the center for traditional arts in eastern yilan county saturday , featuring folk music , dance and theater groups from the mekong river region of indochina .	traditional arts center in yilan presents mekong art
the u.s. dollar was traded at nt$ ##.### at #:## a.m. thursday on the taipei foreign exchange , down nt$ #.### from wednesday 's close .	today in history
computer vendor acer inc. was unveiled friday as taiwan 's leading brand on a list of taiwan 's top ## global brands for the first time ever , with anti-virus software maker trend micro and computer maker asustek close behind .	acer heads list of top ## taiwan global brands in ####
the taiwan stock exchange 's main index opened little changed thursday , moving down #.## points at #,###.## on a turnover of nt$ #.## billion -lrb- us$ ##.## million -rrb- .	taiwan shares open little changed
the first comic-book version of a defense white paper was introduced by the ministry of national defense -lrb- mnd -rrb- tuesday , with two of the leading characters appearing at a press conference to promote it .	leading characters of mnd comic book pleased with result
president chen shui-bian said thursday he will attend a summit meeting of heads of state of the republic of china and its central american allies to be held in el salvador later this year if the event can take place as originally scheduled .	president reaffirms commitment to attending summit in el salvador
minister of the interior chang po-ya said wednesday that she favors setting up casinos at offshore island hotels , as long as it would be in line with the development of the domestic tourism industry as a whole .	interior minister favors setting up casinos on offshore islands
republic of china president chen shui-bian and his cabinet `` ought to be applauded for their continuing efforts to make taiwan one of the freest places on earth , '' u.s. congresswoman eddie bernice johnson said wednesday .	foreign exchange rates
premier chang chun-hsiung said thursday he is enraged and saddened by the snail-paced progress of the reconstruction of areas hardest hit by a disastrous earthquake that rattled taiwan on sept. ## , #### .	premier enraged by slow progress of post-quake reconstruction
opposition kuomintang -lrb- kmt -rrb- chairman lien chan on wednesday called for unity among members and supporters of the kmt and its ally the people first party to win the next presidential election to be held in march #### .	kmt head calls for unity in opposition alliance
share prices opened high and closed even higher on the taiwan stock exchange -lrb- taiex -rrb- thursday , with the weighted index , the market 's key barometer , moving up ##.## points to close at #,###.## .	prices up on taipei stock market
a group of social activists and academics are scheduled to meet friday to call for gender equity in funeral rituals and traditions in which the female members of a taiwanese family are discriminated against , a women 's rights group said thursday .	activists to call for gender equity in funeral traditions
in any cross-taiwan strait trade pact talks that take place in the future , topics concerning agricultural affairs will focus on quarantine and relevant testing of livestock and plants , as well as intellectual property rights -lrb- ipr -rrb- protection for taiwanese agricultural products , the vice minister of the cabinet-level council of agricultural affairs -lrb- coa -rrb- said monday .	quarantine ipr on agricultural products to be included in ecfa
the daily charter flights between taiwan and china inaugurated four months ago have attracted severe criticism , with detractors complaining about excessive pricing , but the opening of regular flights , expected later this year , is raising hopes of cheaper fares .	launch of regular cross-strait flights might help lower fares
business at taiwan 's theme parks and resorts grew significantly in the first quarter of this year compared to q# last year , the tourism bureau said thursday , attributing the growth to the government 's shopping voucher program and other promotion efforts .	shopping vouchers help boost theme parks business : tourism bureau
taiwan began to make on-board checks of passengers on flights arriving from the united states wednesday in a bid to keep the swine flu virus at bay .	taiwan launches on-board flu checks on flights from north america
a national human rights museum under the planned ministry of culture is scheduled to open on jan. # , #### , council for cultural affairs chairman emile sheng said friday .	human rights museum to open in ####
united microelectronics corp. -lrb- umc -rrb- , the world 's second largest contract chipmaker , said wednesday it saw a slight drop in sales in november as a result of the new taiwan dollar 's surge against the u.s. dollar .	umc november sales down on stronger new taiwan dollar
taiwan-based petrochemical giant formosa plastics group categorically denied monday that the seven members in its core leadership have signed a secret deal to retire by #### .	formosa plastics denies secret deal on core leadership
the first probable human case of mad cow disease in taiwan was listed posthumously saturday , following the death in may of a man who had symptoms of the fatal brain-wasting illness .	#st case of probable mad cow disease listed posthumously in taiwan
academia sinica said thursday that taiwan 's economic growth for #### is expected to be a moderate #.## percent from a strong showing in #### amid uncertainty over global economic fundamentals .	academia sinica : #### economy to grow #.## percent
president ma ying-jeou declared thursday that his administration will form a special panel to seek investment from around the world now that taiwan has struck a landmark trade deal with china .	talk of the day all-out drive to attract global investment
the u.s. dollar rose against the new taiwan dollar wednesday , adding nt$ #.### to close at the day 's high of nt$ ##.### .	u.s. dollar closes higher on taipei forex
the u.s. dollar rose against the new taiwan dollar thursday , gaining nt$ #.## to close at nt$ ##.### .	u.s. dollar closes higher on taipei forex
several heavyweight musicians from europe will perform and give master classes at the first chamber music festival hosted by greater tainan city on dec. #-## , a cultural ambassador of tainan county told the central news agency on tuesday .	greater tainan to host chamber music festival in december
james soong , chairman of the people first party -lrb- pfp -rrb- said saturday evening at a press conference that he is not interested in joining any political alliance , but his party will do its best to fulfill its obligation as a dutiful opposition party .	james soong shows no interest in joining political alliances
taipei mayor ma ying-jeou and mainland china president jiang zemin topped the men of the year lists in taiwan and across the taiwan strait respectively , a poll released on sunday showed .	taipei mayor mainland china president top men of year lists : poll
president chen shui-bian lauded tuesday the government 's decision to open taiwan to mainland chinese tourists as a breakthrough in peaceful exchanges with the mainland .	roc president lauds taiwan 's opening to mainland chinese tourists
kanye west did n't play one of his smoothest shows saturday , but it was one of his most significant -- if not for him then for the coachella valley music and arts festival .	all together now
the senate on wednesday neared approval of a $ ###-billion spending bill to fund the iraq war and hurricane relief efforts , loading it up with billions of extra dollars for projects around the country .	senate nears passage of huge spending bill
ending days of secret balloting and back-room dealing , the italian parliament on wednesday elected an ##-year-old former communist as president of the nation , the final step before a new government can be seated .	parliament elects former communist as president
the pentagon 's top medical officer contests the conclusions of a government accountability office report that questioned whether service members returning from iraq and afghanistan are getting appropriate mental health care .	pentagon faults report questioning veterans mental health care
soccer in italy is nothing short of a religion .	sport scandal deflates italian identity
inside a ramshackle buddhist temple here on the country 's southeastern coast , curious villagers gathered last fall as part of the united states ' biggest gamble yet on stopping the aids pandemic .	aids vaccine testing goes overseas
marine sgt. phillip jolly , in the masterful documentary `` combat diary : the marines of lima company , '' set for thursday on a&amp;e , explains the exhilaration of combat -- and the horror that soon follows .	soldiers open up in combat diary
armando reyes climbed over the border fence and prepared for the dash into san diego .	migrants flow into u.s.
complaints : the cx-# 's success is also its failure .	nuts &amp; bolts : #### mazda cx-#
when gas prices rise , drivers grumble and politicians talk energy crisis .	marketers leverage high price of gas
john duffy of gettysburg , pa. , arrived at washington 's dulles airport # #\/# hours before his united flight to frankfurt , germany , to find all available floor space filled with other would-be fliers .	hurry up and wait
the water in the shower went from cold to colder .	hostel environments
in #### , seven years into a life sentence for a double homicide , aaron owens sat before a parole board believing that he was never going to be released .	safeguards for the innocent
a strange form of cancer is being transmitted as an infectious agent among the world 's dogs , without help from viruses or bacteria , a research team in england has found .	form of dog cancer spreads as infectious agent
the government filed another round of criminal charges in a widening stock options scandal .	options scandal widens
like all feats of magic , transforming bunches of pinot noir grapes into great red wine is n't easy .	new zealand 's practical magic
some of the most popular programming on cable television networks today revolves around the do-it-yourself theme -- from bob vila showing you how to tile a floor to the team on `` while you were out '' offering tips on how to brighten a room with the right colors .	videos that explain life but leave verifying to you
last week , the international astronomical union stripped pluto of its official status as a planet .	# things that like pluto need a downgrade
as a kurdish rebel group took responsibility for a string of weekend bombings , a new blast monday killed three people and injured dozens more in the southern mediterranean resort of antalya .	blast kills # injures dozens in resort town
bernie massey , the co-founder of a los angeles social action foundation , had been trying to figure out how to make a statement against terrorism .	bombed bus exhibit to show fearful cost of terrorism
shopping for consumer electronics is a pain .	hard questions for hardware
our colleague anne hull got lots of reader response on a story last week about an arabic linguist discharged from the army for being gay .	fired linguist may be back in business
today , concern about homework is again reaching a fever pitch .	it 's not the amount of homework that is the problem
setting their sights on an operation they say clogged the internet with a quarter-billion e-mail messages daily , new york attorney general eliot spitzer and microsoft corp. .	new york microsoft sue to halt deluge of spam
an ear tag on a slaughtered washington state holstein cow found to be infected with mad cow disease shows the animal came from alberta , canada , where another case of mad cow disease was discovered in may , government officials said saturday .	diseased cow came from canada
former vice president dick cheney waded into another roiling public debate monday , saying that he supports legalizing same-sex marriage as long as the issue is decided by the states , rather than the federal government .	cheney endorses gay marriage on state-by-state basis
the securities and exchange commission thursday charged former countrywide chief angelo r. mozilo , who ran the nation 's largest subprime mortgage lender , with fraud , making him the most prominent executive accused of illegality in connection with the financial crisis .	sec charges former countrywide executive with fraud
president george w. bush 's springer spaniel , spot , was old and ailing .	former head usher at white house witnessed first families at their most vulnerable
almost #.# million u.s. homes could wake up saturday to a blank tv screen .	switch to digital could blank some tv screens saturday
president obama has embraced bush administration justifications for denying public access to white house visitor logs even as advisers say they are reviewing the policy of keeping secret the official record of comings and goings .	obama criticized for withholding visitor logs
chrysler 's alliance with fiat , finalized this month , creates a fresh start for the company and for tens of thousands of workers .	tomorrow 's auto industry
iran 's post-election tumult has exposed the sharply divergent ways in which the obama administration and its republican opponents view the nature of american power and the president 's role in speaking to political dissent outside the borders of the united states .	iran unrest reveals partisan split on proper u.s. role
a lot of barack obama campaign folks , people who were in the trenches with him early on during the iowa winter of #### , are said to be grumbling about not getting jobs in the administration while people who backed other democrats and then shifted late to the one , are happily ensconced on the federal payroll .	smells like team spirit
in january , the los angeles times reported that the nederlander organization acquired the rights to produce a musical version of `` thriller '' with the intention of involving jackson in `` every aspect of the creative process .	jackson 's death stalls thriller musical plans
who 's going to hear `` you 're hired '' ? this time , donald trump is asking viewers to weigh in on his choice for the next winner of `` the apprentice .	reality check : trump asks viewers for help
fbi agents who raided the office of rep. william jefferson , d-la .	fbi threatened to pick lock filing says
a former chief of staff to then-house majority whip tom delay , r-tex .	ex-aide to delay traveled often on others tab
he was a jew with missing teeth and flat feet .	holocaust victim files to be opened
former president clinton predicted last week that republican environmental policies are going to lead to more hurricanes .	gop must weather hurricane issue
temperatures have been warmer over the past ## years than any time in the last four centuries -- and possibly the last #,### years , a prestigious federal advisory panel reported thursday .	federal panel confirms global warming findings
as merck &amp; co. defends itself against litigation involving its pain reliever vioxx , the pharmaceutical giant also is fielding the first of what could be another wave of lawsuits involving fosamax , an osteoporosis drug and its second biggest seller .	merck drug fosamax may face litigation
the house of representatives recently voted to refrain from mandating something called `` net neutrality '' in this year 's telecom legislation , but the proposal could resurface in the senate or in a conference committee .	politicians shake down the net
gov. david a. paterson proposed legislation wednesday to eliminate pay and perks for special district commissioners and put town boards in charge of sanitation districts .	paterson backs government streamlining plan
david axelrod first showed signs of chronic fan syndrome in the early ####s in his native new york city .	david axelrod the man with obama 's game plan
on its second day of deliberations , a jury tuesday found a maryland man guilty of stalking `` pulp fiction '' star uma thurman .	man guilty of stalking thurman
in brief remarks after meeting with congressional republicans , bush issued his veto threat , complaining that legislation under consideration would `` reward speculators and lenders .	bush vows to veto foreclosure package
alexander calder -lrb- ####-#### -rrb- , the son of an artist and a painter , not surprisingly was a multimedia artist .	who is alexander calder
james frey was back in his old los angeles neighborhood , strolling happily along the venice boardwalk , enjoying a sunny day in a t-shirt and aviator shades as he passed tattoo shops and a man who was selling what he claimed to be `` philosophy .	james frey grabs his second chance
the deal between government officials and islamic militants in the scenic swat valley could presage broader accords with militants in the tribal areas bordering afghanistan .	pakistan signs truce with militant faction
but the survey also suggested that the state is moving closer to accepting non-traditional marriages , which could create openings for supporters of same-sex marriage as the campaign unfolds .	poll says voters lean toward overturning judges on gay marriage
authorities are investigating whether an arson fire near chicago mayor richard m. daley 's summer home in michigan last month is linked to threats against the mayor from someone furious about the april ## killing of a cougar that had roamed into downtown chicago .	arson near chicago mayor 's home may be linked to cougar 's killing
may is a pivotal month for moving and storage companies .	moving companies hit bumps in economic road
orlando long after a recent practice , magic center dwight howard lounged in the stands and chatted with team general manager otis smith about life .	as howard fouls mount so does frustration
borrowing costs for europe 's more vulnerable countries rose on wednesday while stocks and the euro fell , as the possibility of a new credit downgrade for portugal underscored fears that efforts to contain the debt crisis to greece were failing .	wall st. stumbles as european debt worries persist bettina wassener and graham bowley contributed reporting
this is the time of year when people often take golf lessons .	a lesson about lessons
q. i 've heard that cow manure can be used for energy production , but not human waste .	on not wasting waste
a creek winds through lush wetlands along a los angeles river walk surrounded by native plants and birds .	land issue no walk in the park
teachers are giving up raises in at least five long island districts , including most recently , brentwood , where the #,### teachers will also take individual pay cuts of $ ### that will be repaid to them without interest when they leave or retire .	suburban teachers feel budget axes
one by one the favorites have fallen : the penguins , the capitals , the red wings , the devils .	regular season was irrelevant in the east
three days after the u.s. soccer federation announced its preliminary world cup roster , its president led a four-member team to switzerland to attempt to win the right to host the tournament for the second time .	u.s. makes bid for world cup but isn t picky about the year
the boxer amir khan spent late april and early may in vancouver , british columbia , his entry into the united states delayed while he obtained a work visa .	after verbal sparring a lopsided title fight
never mind the plot .	make carrie s style yours even without a mr. big
maybe it takes a shock jock like bubba the love sponge clem to get alex sink to relax .	sink s lips loosen on radio show
using certain anti-cancer drugs for years at a time can help keep some types of cancer in remission longer , doctors reported thursday .	study finds drugs can keep some cancer in remission longer
able-bodied , outgoing and accustomed to working , alexandria wallace wants to earn a paycheck .	lack of aid for child care pushes some to welfare
stocks declined monday , dragged down by late-day losses in the financial sector , which has been mired in uncertainty over financial reforms and european debt troubles .	financial reform and europe s debt send shares lower
every job interview has its awkward moments , but in recent years , the standard interview for men seeking a life in the roman catholic priesthood has made the awkward moment a requirement .	sexuality now prime question in priest interview
forecasters are predicting an active hurricane season , which begins today and runs through nov. ## , much like the #### season of charley , frances , ivan and jeanne and the #### season of dennis , katrina and wilma .	# changes since the storms of ##
new executive director of basketball operations danny ainge said he would not speak with the players until after the celtics finished their playoff run .	celtics pushed to brink as nets cruise in game #
the treasury department and the federal reserve on tuesday introduced a new design for paper currency , which will include colors other than the standard black and green , in an effort to deter counterfeiting .	advisory : cox
long before the final horn blew wednesday at the sbc center , the mavericks felt they never had a legitimate chance at beating the san antonio spurs .	technical knockout : nelson harris booted early in mavs game #
the master plan for ground zero is unraveling , which is not necessarily bad news .	for ground zero disarray reigns and an opportunity awaits
if ever there was a classic case of `` no free lunch , '' popular pain control medications are it .	personal health : perils of pain relief often hide in tiny type
during his first two days on the witness stand , l. dennis kozlowski appeared calm as he parried a series of tough questions .	things turn a bit testy at trial of ex-tyco chief
one month after resigning as musical director of la scala in a stormy power struggle , riccardo muti ended a triumphant evening on monday at the opera house he directed for nearly two decades with the tempestuous notes of verdi 's `` forza del destino '' -lrb- `` power of fate '' -rrb- .	muti returns to la scala but just for one night
the independent political groups known as ###s should be required to disclose their funding sources while election campaigns are in progress , three republican house members said wednesday .	bill would require quick disclosure of ### groups funding
one day after lakers owner jerry buss left his interest in phil jackson subject to interpretation , new york knicks president isiah thomas did anything but , telling reporters thursday that he believed a second meeting with jackson soon would take place .	jackson at top of knicks list
john r. bolton 's effort in #### to oust a top central intelligence agency analyst from his post in a dispute over cuba represented a troubling breach of the line between policy makers and intelligence , the agency 's former deputy director has told the senate foreign relations committee , according to a transcript of the exchange .	ex-cia official says bolton interfered
it is a cast worthy of a political thriller : a former convict whose claims about a former president and first lady spurred a criminal investigation ; a prominent senator 's brother-in-law , who worked undercover for federal agents looking into the case ; sworn enemies of the former first family trying to dig up fresh dirt , and some hollywood stars .	trial over hillary clinton 's hollywood event has a strong cast
southern california motorists again wasted more time in stalled traffic than drivers did anywhere else in the nation , and the region is expected to continue its dismal ranking for years , experts said monday .	l.a. region still worst on gridlock
numbers help define jennifer rosales , in atlanta this week to defend the lpga chick-fil-a charity championship .	q&amp;a : jennifer rosales
to many new jersey republicans , the biggest turning point in the party 's primary for governor this year came in march , when tom kean jr. , son of the former governor , made it known that he would be a candidate -- for the u.s. senate .	on the road to trenton # strive to excite
mike d'antoni has n't quite rescued the nba from itself yet , but the phoenix coach said that the suns ' success this season validates his approach to the game .	suns showing no signs of slowing down in playoffs
for judi burgess , a single word changed everything .	a ceremonial event evolves into a wedding
on monday , less than three weeks before the official start of the hurricane season , government forecasters predicted an active season that could be comparable to last year 's destructive one .	forecasters predict an active hurricane season
the senate is likely to vote tuesday to make the environmental protection agency find a better way of measuring automobile fuel economy , to bring more realism to the stickers on the windows of new cars , which consumers have learned always to read but never to trust .	congress seeks more realistic mileage estimates
morgan stanley suffered another legal setback on wednesday , as a florida jury ordered it to pay $ ### million in punitive damages to the financier ronald o. perelman , who contended he was defrauded by the investment bank in a #### deal .	jury awards perelman $ ### million more from morgan stanley
the #-year-old should n't be here .	hats off to #-year-old leukemia victim
four days of talks between north and south korea ended thursday with the north resisting pressure to resume negotiations over its nuclear program , but agreeing to cabinet-level meetings with the south next month .	in rare talks the # koreas agree to talk again next month
while jury deliberations continued in the trial of richard m. scrushy , the former chief executive of healthsouth , a separate healthsouth criminal case came to an end friday morning with the acquittal of two former executives on federal bribery charges .	# healthsouth executives acquitted ; deliberations on scrushy continue
the roman catholic church and the chinese government are actively exploring the re-establishment of diplomatic relations , with contacts between the sides warming to the point that the ailing john paul ii quietly received a quasi-official chinese delegation in the vatican late last year .	china and vatican explore renewing diplomatic ties international herald tribune
it was supposed to be a cozy affair .	out in force : as # beloved sci-fi franchises fade away fans have seized the spotlight like never before
top military and civilian officials gathered on a conference call when a private plane strayed into restricted airspace over the district of columbia on may ## , but they never reached the point of authorizing jet fighters to shoot it down , a pentagon spokesman said wednesday .	pentagon denies preparing to down stray plane
weight can have startling consequences for women 's financial well-being , careers , and marriage prospects , according to research that found that women - but not men - suffer economic harm from being overweight .	women 's weight found to affect job income
as they move to thwart the illegal trade of cigarettes over the internet , state officials from new york have joined with colleagues from around the nation to persuade credit card companies to stop processing payments for online cigarette sales .	post office draws criticism for shipping cigarettes purchased online
at ## , after nearly half a century in the union movement and after a decade leading the nation 's main labor federation , john j. sweeney is facing his toughest time ever .	labor focuses on leader 's fitness for his job
for years , politicians from presidents to city council members have believed they could win tens of thousands of orthodox jewish votes if they captured the support of just one group : the council of jewish organizations of borough park , a collective of social service agencies .	inquiries focusing on government funds for jewish council
the raiders were definitely up for dan marino 's first appearance ever at the oakland coliseum sunday .	tough defense stood up to marino 's challenge
not long ago , in a drug and alcohol rehabilitation center in texas , a ##-year-old boy was weathering withdrawal at its worst .	stuck on the web : the symptoms of internet addiction
charles keating jr. , whom government officials once characterized as the most notorious swindler in the savings and loan crisis , had his last remaining criminal conviction thrown out by a federal judge on monday .	an f category code
trying to determine whether it is politically realistic to use a proposed change in the way the government measures inflation to help erase the deficit , republicans and democrats tried wednesday to tease out assurances of bipartisan cooperation on an issue that holds clear perils for both sides .	battle lines drawn by report on inflation gauge
----- free art ... one b&amp;w photo of clint eastwood and his wife , dina ruiz , can be sent to you by mail or overnight delivery , using your fedex or airborne delivery number .	clint eastwood a man with absolute power
panetta said on thursday that clinton had also been impressed by albright 's hard-nosed negotiating style at the united nations .	washington : into diplomacy
a #-year-old arlington boy who suffered severe damage to his genitals , apparently during toilet training , will remain in the custody of child protective services along with three siblings , a judge ruled friday .	abused boy siblings to stay in custody of child protective
his motorsports empire now stretches from sea to shining sea , which means that bruton smith 's next acquisition might be a navy .	some see bruton smith 's speedway empire as a growing threat to
it got so bad for the miami dolphins on sunday that boos were even being directed at their coach , jimmy johnson .	giants over miami it 's true : guaranteed
fidelity investments said it hired marketing executive kirk williamson from crosstown rival putnam investments to serve as national sales manager for its bank wholesale group .	fidelity hires marketing executive kirk williamson from putnam
george steinbrenner predicted the yankees would sign a major player this week , but the owner declined tuesday to say whether he thought it would be david wells , roger clemens or john wetteland .	yankees postpone arms race : get stanton
attorney general janet reno made her debut wednesday as a barrister at the u.s. supreme court 's mahogany lectern where she argued before the justices on behalf of one of her favorite constituencies _ the cop on the beat .	attorney general reno makes her debut at u.s. supreme court
in a broad preview of his second-term plans , president clinton promised wednesday to govern with the same centrist themes he used to win re-election .	clinton promises a second-term coalition of center
how many holiday hits does a new toy company need to become profitable ? usually a lot , said analysts here for a forum on toys at the massachusetts institute of technology .	toy start-ups wish for holiday hits
european bonds rose late friday after european minister meeting in dublin reached an agreement to deter members of the proposed single european currency from overspending , a key roadblock point on the road to monetary union .	european bonds rise as ministers settle stability pact
tempe , ariz. - while mount boomer erupted last week at cardinals camp , spewing fiery plumes of blame and spreading ashes of innuendo everywhere , kent graham watched from a safe distance .	graham avoids fueling cards qb controversy
col. robert e. lee skirted the unleaded gasoline pit , negotiated a thicket of telephone cords stretched as tight as trip wires and took the center of the new york mercantile exchange 's main trading floor just before # p.m. last monday .	military strategists practice in real battle _ on wall street
it was one of the greatest collections of figure-skating talent ever to gather on ice _ and not skate .	solo but not alone
the yankees lost one and did not gain one monday .	yankees continue pursuit of wells
starts of new u.s. housing rebounded sharply in november , government figures showed , as a dip in borrowing costs encouraged hesitant buyers to come back into the market .	u.s. economy : housing starts jump #.# % in november
christmas week might not seem the best time to open a movie that celebrates a millionaire pornographer as an american folk hero .	a free speech hero it 's not that simple
whoever says toys are n't educational has n't been shopping lately .	think of messages toys send
the government 's announcement of another large monthly trade deficit tomorrow will draw mostly yawns from many u.s. companies who say the report does n't truly capture the strength of their global operations .	u.s. economy : trade deficit hides big overseas business
`` my fellow americans , '' a comedy , is rated pg-## for salty language and a sex scene involving teen-agers .	my fellow americans stumbles into lame grumpy old men shtick
president clinton plans to round out his selection of a new cabinet on friday with the announcement of his choices for several remaining openings , including that of andrew cuomo , the eldest son of the former new york governor , mario cuomo , as secretary of housing and urban development , administration officials said on thursday .	cuomo seen as # of # final cabinet selections
`` my fellow americans '' could have been called `` grumpy old ex-presidents '' _ and probably should have been .	fellow americans : save your vote
michael has a lot of problems .	message to michael : gay life as a sitcom
philippine president fidel ramos , who was hospitalized for the second time in ## days over the weekend , may need heart surgery , his spokesman said .	philippine president hospitalized may need heart surgery
boeing 's $ ## billion takeover bid for mcdonnell douglas is the most dramatic step yet in the consolidation of the u.s. military industry .	make way for the united states of boeing
it 's here .	evita too much of a good thing
federal regulators , moving to reduce the fees local baby bell companies charge to connect long-distance calls , said today they may let the industry bring the charges down gradually without imposing a government timetable .	u.s. fcc moves to gradually cut long distance access charges
prime minister benjamin netanyahu and palestinian leader yasser arafat met for more than three hours tuesday and finally appeared to bring the long-awaited agreement on an israeli pullback from hebron within reach .	mood on hebron is upbeat at netanyahu-arafat talks
`` fear not : for behold , i bring you good tidings of great joy .	a century of christian martyrdom
so your podiatrist inadvertently sliced off your little toe , and you think you 're going to sue .	arizona gop bills revisit tort territory ; suits would be snarled
the south african reserve bank will likely reduce its key lending rate at least twice in #### as growth slows , analysts said .	south african central bank may cut rates twice : outlook '##
it was hot in the summer of #### , too hot for hogs to maintain their normal conception rates , according to the nation 's hog farmers .	usda seeks accuracy with hog and pig count : commodity views
seattle at the turn of the century had a master plan for boulevards , parks and waterways .	portland : has been lost
for a week , you have eyed that five-pound box of cheap cookies that a business associate sent over .	leftovers start over thanks to food pros
one private-school mother who lives on fifth avenue and spends weekends in millbrook , n.y. , amid a colony of fox-hunting types , said she was the target of parents who , she suspects , seek social advantage .	new york : she said
in life 's rich pageant , few spectacles are as dizzying as watching congress spend the public 's treasure .	grand old spending party
left-hander mike munoz will not be on the rangers ' postseason roster unless he displays a dramatic improvement in his ability to field his position .	munoz could be left off rangers postseason roster
what is the difference between a policy that promises to cover ### percent of americans for medical costs and a policy that covers ## percent of them ? about #,### pages .	commentary : in describing health care plans less is more
the sale of sprint corp. casts a huge shadow over one of the largest commercial construction projects in the united states .	mci plans to buy sprint cast doubt sprint construction in overland
these columns for release thursday , october # , #### are moving today to clients of the new york times news service .	cox news service commentary budget
over the last two decades , countries in northern europe and north america have been enacting regulations to reduce smokestack emissions of sulfur in an effort to curb acid rain and its harmful effect on the environment .	scientists report limited progress on curbing effects of acid
los angeles might have lost its bid for an expansion team to houston on wednesday , but fans who like to watch football and the tv networks were winners .	no l.a. team good for tv viewers
`` rising interest rates are bad news for banks .	bank stocks and the jinx of fed credit tightening
one hundred pitches .	loaiza made one mistake that hurt
the blueprint for beating the new england patriots has been drawn and future opponents surely will try to follow it .	chiefs revealed patriots weaknesses
state farm mutual automobile insurance co. may need to buy more insurance for itself , to cover such disasters as the one that heavily damaged this illinois-based company last week .	getting what they paid for
seeking to avoid future shortages of screens that have slowed sales of notebook computers this year , dell computer corp. has signed a five-year , $ #.# billion agreement with samsung electronics ltd. for millions of displays beginning next year .	samsung dell sign deal on screens
the divorce is final .	delta ends alliance with swissair to concentrate on air france
in addition , forecasts , even when they are right , are no longer enough for most clients .	new york : specific markets
already the october gales have powdered the high country with snow , already taken the edge off the colors that swell in the valleys below the hilltops .	the season of the hunt
when gov. george w. bush of texas swept into washington on friday , his first stop was not an affluent suburb or a ritzy business district , nor were his first encounters with stalwart republican voters .	in an unusual republican tactic bush woos minority voters
when it comes to personal finance software , mac users do n't have much choice .	quicken upgrade a bit buggy
robert ray , a career federal prosecutor , was sworn in on monday to replace the independent counsel , kenneth starr , and he vowed to complete starr 's five-year-old , $ ##-million criminal inquiry of president clinton and hillary rodham clinton in a `` prompt , responsible and cost-effective manner .	new independent counsel vows to conclude inquiry of president
nope , it 's just the same old stuff .	every little thing sting does is no longer magic
brian shaw 's offseason has been dizzying to say the least .	lakers add guard depth sign shaw
confession time .	looking back pope paul vi was right on contraception
it blew up fast .	in postseason nobody better than rivera
the thinking behind braves manager bobby cox 's decision to shake up his lineup was that perhaps inserting the left-handed hitters ozzie guillen , hitting .### in the post-season , and keith lockhart , hitting .### , would kick-start a moribund offense _ that had managed just one hit off the game # starter orlando hernandez _ against the right-hander david cone , the game # starter .	atlanta 's lineup changes do n't work in the field or at the plate
tom glavine is the first in the last line of defense for the atlanta braves in this world series , and over the past two days , his manager asked the pitcher repeatedly if he has had enough time to recover from a stomach virus , if he would be ready to pitch in game # tuesday night .	it 's up to a queasy glavine to stop the yankees
these sports stories for release wednesday , october ## , #### , are moving today to clients of the new york times news service .	cox news service sports budget
having trouble finding a particular item ? we 'll try to help you locate it .	where to get hard to find items
major-league baseball in the ####s came to a fitting end wednesday night , with the rich getting richer and the poor braves showing the form that made them a team of heartbreak in the world series .	final game of decade tells the story of the '##s
four men sit at a table playing cards .	wedding black professionals relationships
you know the pose , clipper fans .	odom making impression
in each city the angels visit , manager terry collins hears the same questions from reporters .	angels feast on east
were you ever at the mall and could n't remember where you parked the car ? gotten home from the market and realized you forgot the milk ? and your daughter 's anniversary has never slipped your mind ... until this year .	how humans can upgrade memory
in their private moments , coaches dream of what it would be like to have the perfect player at every position _ one who meets or exceeds all of the physical and mental standards to excel , without flaw or weakness .	college dream team : south boasts a bevy of precious players
seattle made an unusual choice three years ago when it tapped john henry stanford as superintendent of public schools .	ex-general fights for schools and for his life
it was the high-tech vision that was supposed to make the dream in dreamworks come true , the first newly built hollywood studio in nearly ## years , nestled in a #,###-acre tract amid the coastal wetlands where howard hughes built his giant seaplane , the spruce goose .	new hollywood studio wrangles over project
as a result of all these efforts , the number of visitors grew to #.# million in #### , from fewer than #.# million in #### _ a ### percent increase during a time when total u.s. tourism grew about ## percent .	corpus christi texas : and expanded
after five months of upheaval and disarray , the dodgers already might have their first disaster for the #### season .	after loss mondesi makes demand
the weather was cool during georgia tech 's football practice monday , but coach george o'leary was hot and sweaty after the workout .	o'leary gets defensive after loss to bc
it was a day for fifth-graders to learn how not to be fourth-graders , for a beginning elementary teacher to chase away butterflies in the stomach and face ## #-year-olds , for the mayor and schools chancellor to go back to school and read to second-graders , and for a group of high school students to marvel at their brand-new building .	new york schools breeze through opening day
after warning investors in recent weeks that earnings would be hurt by economic turmoil in asia and other markets , two giants of the semiconductor industry offered slightly more upbeat announcements thursday suggesting an improved outlook .	national semiconductor 's loss is smaller than expected
every once in a while a book comes along that transforms a national debate , and i 'm not talking about special prosecutor kenneth starr 's report to congress .	proving the merits of affirmative action
for these reasons , the impeachment process must be painstaking and deliberate .	washington : elected him
the goal seems as unreachable as the peaks that grace the central utah terrain , but arizona state coach bruce snyder has not allowed his team to let go of its original dream : reaching the national championship game .	asu turns focus to byu
goalkeepers are not directly involved in most of the action in soccer , especially on successful teams .	revolution keep playoff hopes afloat
the new u.s. open singles champion said she walked into her hotel room late saturday afternoon and found the message light bright as rudolph 's nose .	davenport 's u.s. open title fills void in women 's tennis
these sports stories for release tuesday , september ## , #### , are moving today to clients of the new york times news service .	cox news service tuesday sports budget
the graphic software publisher quark inc. on monday dropped its quirky bid to acquire rival adobe systems inc. , saying adobe had spurned its advances and that it did not want to pursue a hostile deal .	quark quits its quest for adobe systems
larry mcmurtry .	a preview of what could be the best fall in years
singapore airline and delta air lines announced two differing strategies to upgrade their long-haul in-flight service for business travelers .	business travel : competing strategies ; crowded skies
a former fbi agent said wednesday he will not willingly turn over to federal officials documents he retrieved from james earl ray 's car ## years ago .	justice ex-fbi agent at odds over king clue
this year a community group donated money for her school fees , a school uniform and shoes .	lusaka zambia : ragged clothes
that age-old question _ if a heavyweight title bout is held with only one fighter 's name on the marquee , will anybody care ? _ just might be answered tonight in the georgia dome .	for holyfield location is everything
two recent football books do something that most books of their type do n't : paint a realistic portrait of what happens in the lives of the people who make up professional football .	tough inside looks at the nfl
it is no longer a question of greatness ; skip away demonstrated again saturday that he is great .	skip away runs away in woodward
manager terry collins got angry last week when he thought his angels overlooked the tampa bay devil rays before heading into their series with the texas rangers .	angels set the stage with victory
about ##,### years ago , people living in what is now southern peru camped on the pacific shore and feasted on fish , seabirds and shellfish .	in peru evidence of an early human maritime culture
to western eyes , it may seem odd that #,### girls who are here to be sternly lectured about virginity are also heavily pressured to strip off almost every stitch of their clothing .	zulu virgins celebrate their bodies themselves
president clinton may or may not escape impeachment , but the path to high office has been drastically changed by his ordeal .	analysis : impeachment fever may infect presidential campaigns
the indonesian government has questioned former president suharto about his personal wealth and accusations that he had billions of dollars in overseas bank accounts , officials said on tuesday .	suharto wealth under inquiry
i sat in my thatched hut , watching a mosquito circle the lone light bulb and trying to motivate myself to take a shower .	missing the comforts of home
a dark and stormy night .	killer cuisines
nearly ### regional artists will converge on the chattanooga riverfront next weekend for the third annual celebration of fine craft .	crafty times in chattanooga
with the world 's financial system in turmoil , it makes a certain amount of sense that financial stocks , especially those of banks and brokerage firms , have been pounded .	bank stocks : battered yes but not to be forgotten
one play , one pitch to deangelo evans was all bobby newcombe was wishing for against the washington huskies saturday .	nebraska beats washington ##-#
bernie williams came into the season fearful that his impending free agency might be a distraction .	batting title for williams with free agency ahead
seemingly harmless surveys , contests and electronic pen pal web sites are sometimes cleverly disguised tools directed at youngsters to obtain marketing data , children 's rights advocates charge .	congress considers regulating children 's marketing on world
members of the house judiciary committee signaled monday that the impeachment process would kick into high gear almost immediately once the house votes to begin the formal impeachment inquiry of president clinton .	hearings on clinton could be in october
students who spend too much time trying to learn their lessons at computers may end up with lower scores on tests , according to a study released tuesday .	study says computers may hinder student performance
thirteen israeli soldiers and ## palestinian passers-by were wounded wednesday when a palestinian hurled grenades at an israeli patrol post in the heart of the divided city of hebron , a flash point for violent confrontations .	grenade attack in hebron wounds two dozen
edmund p. pillsbury , a distinguished american museum director known for adding a string of european masterworks to the permanent collection of the kimbell art museum in fort worth , died on thursday near dallas .	edmund pillsbury kimbell museum director dies at ##
prime minister vladimir putin of russia visited venezuela on friday to sign a series of military and oil agreements with president hugo chavez , who is seeking to expand ties with russia as a way of countering the influence of the united states in latin america .	putin visits venezuela to sign series of deals
the harlem school of the arts , celebrated for equipping local children with skills in everything from dance to classical music , had for decades been a favorite of the city 's most charitable donors .	tax files show harlem art school s path to ruin
when it comes to health care , mitt romney is hoping to have it both ways , even as he accuses the white house of doing the same .	romney on health care : a particular spin
by ##:## a.m. saturday , less than three hours after president lech kaczynski 's plane had crashed in russia , killing all ## people on board , one opportunistic pole had already manufactured ## t-shirts emblazoned with the polish flag and `` rip '' and was peddling them on the internet for $ #.## each , tax and delivery fees not included .	vendors turn poland s calamity into an opportunity
on tuesday , mitch mcconnell , the senate minority leader , called for the abolition of municipal fire departments .	commentary : the fire next time
san francisco -- the first earth day on april ## , #### , was , by all accounts , the beginning of a powerful grassroots movement , helped immeasurably by a famous tv commercial that premiered on earth day #### of an indian shedding a tear as he saw pollution all around him .	earth day activism marks ## years
the first-round playoff series last year between the boston celtics and the chicago bulls was a memorable montage of overtimes and clutch shots .	fouling with #-point lead : debated but rarely done
a tornado described by one mississippi official as the worst in the area in decades swept through the state on saturday , leaving at least ## people dead in its path .	fierce tornado causes deaths across mississippi
confidence in greek assets sank to a new low monday , as chancellor angela merkel of germany kept up the pressure on greece , insisting on tougher austerity measures .	confidence in greek debt sinks again matthew saltmarsh reported from paris
in the weeks before he died , bedridden from fighting a losing battle with cancer , former lapd chief daryl f. gates was visited by an lapd helicopter hovering outside his hospital window .	longtime los angeles police chief daryl gates eulogized as america s chief
st. petersburg with dioner navarro ready to go back behind the plate , the rays added another pitcher to their bullpen by calling up veteran rhp joaquin benoit .	benoit called up to fortify bullpen
sen. barack obama is a man of few rhetorical stumbles , but this week a few of his words opened a racial door his campaign would prefer not to step through .	with genie out of the bottle obama treads carefully on race
recording tv shows -- and skipping the commercials that come with them -- may become more pervasive in the wake of a new court ruling that blesses a new networked form of digital video recorder .	a ruling may pave the way for broader use of dvr
fannie mae , the nation 's largest mortgage finance company , offered additional evidence on friday that the housing slump was deepening by reporting a $ #.# billion loss in the second quarter .	fannie mae reports a $ #.# billion loss
an obscure militant group that threatened attacks on the olympic games last week is the same group that chinese officials have labeled the leading terrorist organization involved in a separatist movement in western china , according to an american organization that tracks terrorist internet postings .	warning of attacks on olympics is said to be linked to muslim separatists
jason lezak 's stupefying anchor leg at the water cube helped propel nbc to the largest audience ever recorded for the first sunday of any olympic games broadcast .	initial olympics tv ratings are record breaking
lake buena vista greg white might not win the job as the bucs ' starting left defensive end .	next goal starts for a start
a day after a lone gunman fatally shot the chairman of the arkansas democratic party at its headquarters in little rock , investigators found evidence on thursday that the suspect may have been thinking about his victim in advance , although they were unable to determine why .	a link but no motive in killing of politician
becky hammon is n't here to wave a flag , or pledge allegiance .	sports column : hammon looking for a little personal glasnost
almost everything i was told about running in beijing was wrong .	an artful jogger in beijing
the night of the gun , by david carr .	new and recommended the boston globe
more than ## hours had passed since usain bolt 's redefining of the ### meters , and ato boldon , the voluble trinidadian who used to run the ### for a good living , was still trying to comprehend what he had seen .	sprinters marvel at bolt
alas , poor dana , we knew him well .	melancholy dana in hamlet # catches laughs but few breaks
peace now , the israeli advocacy group , said in a report released tuesday that in the past year israel has nearly doubled its settlement construction in the occupied west bank in violation of its obligations under an american-backed peace plan .	israeli group reports sharp increase in settlement activity
the dalai lama is exhausted .	dalai lama citing exhaustion cancels trips
curlin got the job done on saturday , adding a grade i win in saratoga to his long and impressive list of accomplishments .	curlin edges long shot to win the woodward
the network news anchors , katie couric , charles gibson and brian williams , were diverted from here on sunday , and with them went sen. john mccain 's chance to command the national stage for four nights before a huge television audience .	tv cameras turn from gop to storm
toronto - the eyes are hidden .	murphy 's law : seek diversity
the supreme court late wednesday granted the bush administration 's request to transfer the terrorism suspect jose padilla from military to civilian custody , ending an odd two-week standoff over where he should be held while the justices decide whether to hear his case .	high court allows transfer of padilla to civilian prison
it 's the raucous , not the meek , who are inheriting the earth in nbc 's prime-time provocation , `` the book of daniel , '' which has its premiere friday night .	daniel : plenty of behavior worthy of a prayer session
colin l. powell said nothing -- a silence that spoke volumes to many in the white house on thursday morning .	in meeting with former officials bush defends iraq policy
the sudden political disappearance of prime minister ariel sharon , struggling for life after a massive stroke , has thrown the future of any peace process with the palestinians into question .	as sharon ails palestinians face own travails
before the governor could even tell voters about his massive public works plan last week , southern california political leaders were making the case for spending billions on new roads and transit systems .	transportation plan in high gear
there were no points awarded for eli manning 's pedigree sunday , and none at all scored by the giants , when the super bowl looked as distant a possibility for manning as it once did for a former journeyman named jake delhomme .	sports column : a name only gets you so far sometimes
cox news service atlanta -- the dow jones industrial average , which ended #### slightly in the red , came roaring back monday to close above ##,### for the first time in # #\/# years .	dow edges back above ##,###
another new year , same old promises : i will ease off my favorite barbecue joint 's brownies .	saving $ #,### in ####
`` monk , '' a simple idea that has proven surprisingly resilient -- a neurotic genius solves quirky crimes -- resumes its fourth season tonight with a particularly silly case .	monk keeps things deliciously quirky
cox news service dayton , ohio -- charlie coles has played in and coached more than #,### basketball games .	forty years later texas western 's watershed victory still vivid
gov. arnold schwarzenegger is expected to sign legislation friday to jump-start construction of a ### car-pool lane and preserve $ ### million in federal funds that could have been lost if work was not started in time .	### relief now in sight
with a shower of federal dollars about to rain down on this state , jockeying is beginning in the halls of the louisiana capitol here over who will control the money .	legislators eager for a say in spending louisiana aid
iran will not abandon its nuclear program even if the u.n. nuclear watchdog refers it to the security council , where it could face punitive measures , president mahmoud ahmadinejad said in a rare news conference on saturday .	u.n. scrutiny wo n't make iran quit nuclear effort president says
st. louis - it 's been so long now - eight years - that the gold medal seems as if it happened to someone else .	lipinski treasures golden memories
miami - an icon to some and a sinister troublemaker to others , a priest with strong miami ties currently sits languishing in a haitian jail with suspected leukemia .	haitian jail # months no charges
israel 's acting prime minister , ehud olmert , said tuesday that he would be willing to restart peace talks with the palestinians if they met the longstanding israeli demand to break up armed factions .	israeli ready for peace talks if palestinians disarm hamas
on the first monday morning of the year , four bulldozers , accompanied by nearly ### police , arrived on a rocky patch of farmland on the edge of a wooded village and began leveling the earth .	in lethal mill site clash dark side of india 's rise
after spending ## years in prison for a killing he did n't commit , ken marsh finally is poised to get some payback .	$ ###,### for ## years wrongly held in prison
televangelist pat robertson , it seems , is n't the only one who thinks he can see god 's purpose in natural disasters .	editorial : blaming god for disasters
a ##-year-old brooklyn teenager who friends said had been the center of attention at his friend 's sweet ## birthday party was fatally shot on the sidewalk as the party was winding down early sunday .	brooklyn youth shot dead leaving party
dozens of tunnels have been dug between the gaza strip and egypt in the last quarter century , and through them have come most of the weapons that fill this narrow palestinian territory , threatening israel and palestinians themselves .	the menacing legacy of gaza 's tunnels
never mind that she has dark blond hair and light blue eyes and the fairest of skin .	she writes from the heart
physicians from leading medical schools , including harvard 's , are calling for teaching hospitals to sharply limit the gifts and money they accept from pharmaceutical and medical device makers , saying even small gifts can influence doctors to use products that may not be the most effective and cheapest .	physicians call for a curb on gifts
democrats in georgia and alabama , borrowing an idea usually advanced by conservative republicans , are promoting bible classes in the public schools .	democrats in # southern states push bills on bible study
something you 're not likely to hear at the start of a ski or snowboard group lesson : you 're going to fall down .	how do you ski or snowboard practice practice falling and practice
philadelphia - immediately following saturday afternoon 's game at the wachovia center , the lightning boarded a speeding train to washington for today 's game against the capitals .	on track and rolling with rout
members of the organization of the petroleum exporting countries begin a meeting in vienna on tuesday , and ministers have indicated that they are likely to keep pumping oil at current levels .	looking ahead
the philippine government said today substantial progress has been made in its peace talks with the leftist national democratic front -lrb- ndf -rrb- held last month in the netherlands .	weather forecast for major world cities
malaysia beat bangladesh #-# in a world cup asian zone group one qualifying match in jeddah , saudi arabia , on monday .	malaysia beats bangladesh #-# in world cup qualifier
beihai , a port city in southwest china 's guangxi zhuang autonomous region , will provide marine tourism services for the vietnamese cities of haiphong , mong cai and ha long this may .	southwest china to start new marine tourism services
buhe , vice-chairman of the standing committee of china 's national people 's congress -lrb- npc -rrb- , met here today with a delegation from the municipal parliament of seoul , discussing the friendly exchanges that have taken place in the sister cities in recent years .	npc vice-chairman meets rok visitors
china 's foreign trade expands in scale last year with a better import and export structure , according a report from china 's state statistics bureau -lrb- ssb -rrb- released here today .	china 's foreign trade expands structure improves in ####
slovenia is considering making a modest contribution to the italian-led multinational protection force set up to secure relief aid operations in albania , the italian defense ministry said today .	slovenia may contribute to protection force to albania
with a growing population of elderly and a declining birth rate in shanghai , china 's industrial and financial center , some child care centers have been transformed into homes for the elderly .	results of british open squash semi-final
the pudong united rural credit cooperative , a syndicate of ## local rural credit cooperatives , will loan #.# billion yuan to projects in pudong new area , an emerging trade and financial hub in shanghai , this year .	collated world cup results in africa
vice-premier zou jiahua expressed china 's willingness to further increase technological cooperation with foreign enterprises including the toyota motor corporation of japan on the basis of mutual benefit , in a meeting with okuda hiroshi , president of toyota .	trading on hong kong stock exchange
the security council today forwarded to the general assembly the nominations of ## candidates for judges of the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia .	collated results at salem open tennis '## in hong kong
a foreign trade fair aimed at enhancing economic ties between china 's island province of hainan and vietnam has ended recently , generating a total of one billion yuan-worth of contracts .	foreign trade fair to boost ties between hainan and vietnam
government troops has repelled an attack by rebel forces along sudan 's eastern borders , the spokesman of the sudanese armed forces said today .	government forces repel rebel attack in eastern
the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- and the united states today reached an agreement on a dispute over the helms-burton act against cuba , u.s. officials confirmed .	us confirms deal on anti-cuba law dispute
botswana will depreciate its currency pula to offset problems likely to affect its national economy , southern african broadcasting association -lrb- saba -rrb- reported today .	botswana to depreciate national currency
two guerrillas of the lebanese hezbollah , or party of god , were killed in the first clash with israeli forces in south lebanon in a month , beirut 's press reported wednesday morning .	# hezbollah fighters killed in israel 's swoop
the first contingent of italian troops is expected to enter albania 's southern port of vlore no later than early next week , italian defense chief of staff admiral guido venturoni said here today .	italian troops to enter albanian port vlore next week
five workers of the aeroperu airline will be tried to determine the degree of their responsibility in an airliner accident in october #### which killed ## persons .	market exchange rates
the pacific asia travel association -lrb- pata -rrb- will hold its second mekong tourism forum in ho chi minh city on october ##-## , this year , to explore new tourist venues along the mekong river .	travel association to hold mekong tourism forum in vietnam
pakistani president farooq leghari has stated that pakistan has a `` very special relationship with china and the bilateral ties have been tested by time .	pakistan has very special relationship with china :
the #### sydney olympic games will probably have traffic jams and transport problems , according to ioc official .	sydney olympics faces transport problem
german transportation minister matthias wissmann today reaffirmed bonn 's commitment to the construction of a magnetic levitation rail link between hamburg and berlin despite the soaring costs and an uncertain market .	bonn vows to bring maglev train in operation in ####
japanese auto-maker toyota has invested # billion baht -lrb- about ### million us dollars -rrb- to build a new plant in east thailand , which officially opened today .	key frankfurt markets fixed rates
the democratic people 's republic of korea whitewashed south korea in the women 's team semi-finals at the world table tennis championships here on sunday .	dpr korea sails into women 's team final
european union -lrb- eu -rrb- countries will send their ambassadors back to iran soon in a move seen as indicating they are not prepared to damage lucrative ties with the country .	eu ambassadors to return to iran soon
two passenger trains crashed today in central-south china 's hunan province , killing ## people and leaving many others injured .	train crash kills ## in hunan
northeast china 's liaoning province plans to spend ## billion yuan on an expressway that will link the provincial capital of shenyang with shanhaiguan , the easternmost part of the great wall .	express way for northeast china
president george w. bush met with visiting pakistani prime minister zafarullah jamali in the white house on wednesday to discuss issues on bilateral relations and cooperation in fighting terror .	us president meets pakistani pm in white house
a working group will be formed to realize recommendations made by the sars expert committee in hong kong , chief executive of hong kong special administrative region tung chee hwa said here thursday .	working group to be set up in hk to study sars experts advice
philippine share prices closed only #.## percent higher monday in listless trading as the market continued to consolidate .	philippine stocks end slightly higher
nigeria will support south africa 's #### world cup bid and go all out for the #### edition itself , nigerian president olusegun obasanjo said here monday .	nigeria targets to host #### world cup : nigerian president
costa rica has ruled out the possibility of opening up its telecommunication sector in spite of pressure exerted by the united states , reports from guatemala city said wednesday .	costa rica rules out opening telecommunication sector
government and business leaders from ## central and east european countries are gathering in bucharest , romania , for the region 's first investment summit on oct. ## to ## .	first investment summit to be held for central east europe
the asian development bank -lrb- adb -rrb- has approved a ###,### - us-dollar technical assistance -lrb- ta -rrb- grant to china to develop an innovative plan to reduce poverty and protect the unique cultures of ## of its smallest ethnic minority groups .	adb okays pioneer plan to protect china 's minority culture
southwest china 's yunnan province will raise #.# billion yuan -lrb- ###.## million us dollars -rrb- in the next five years to help its #.## million rural people out of poverty , according to the yunnan provincial poverty relief office .	local government raises fund for impoverished population largest in the nation
ministerial officials attending the forum for economic and trade cooperation between china and portuguese-speaking countries , which opened here on sunday , dedicated the morning debate to three topics .	forum between china portuguese-speaking countries focuses on three tropics
vietnam will start the construction of its first underground railway in the ho chi minh city in mid - #### with an investment of ### million us dollars .	vietnam to build first underground railways
a top un envoy said here monday that despite existing regional tension , israel violated its withdraw line with jets flying seven times over it into air space over southern lebanon .	ecb main reference exchange rates
li yushu , former vice-mayor of leshan in southwest china 's sichuan province , was executed tuesday after being convicted of abusing his authority to take bribes valued at #.# million yuan -lrb- #.# million us dollars -rrb- .	vice mayor executed for taking bribes
the launch of shenzhou-# , china 's first manned spacecraft , is successful and the craft is already in orbit , an official in charge of the country 's manned spaceflight program announced wednesday morning .	bulletin : shenzhou-# launch successful official
top interpol officers on wednesday asked its members to devise rules and procedures for policing at the global level and providing legal status to red corner notices against wanted fugitives .	interpol asks world govts to make rules for global policing
chinese permanent representative to the united nations wang guangya on wednesday urged the un and the international community to continue supporting timor-leste .	china stresses continued international support for timor-leste
`` we come here to invite more chinese friends to zimbabwe , where ancient chinese set foot several thousands of years ago , '' francis nhema , zimbabwe 's minister of environment and tourism told xinhua friday .	zimbabwe shows itself as wonderland for china
cambodia 's two major parties on saturday announced to cancel their decision to attend monday 's coalition talks at the royal palace because the killing of a radio reporter on saturday morning .	cambodia 's # parties reject coalition talks due to killings of reporter
the visiting saudi arabian crown prince abdullah bin abdul aziz sunday called on muslims to move on a path of unity and tolerance .	j-league first division results\/standings
israel 's air forces on monday launched a third missile strike on gaza city in less than four hours , palestinian witnesses said .	israel launches third airstrike on gaza city
the common market for eastern and southern africa -lrb- comesa -rrb- is to set up the comesa common investment area -lrb- ccia -rrb- that will attract foreign investors and boost trade within the region .	comesa to set up common investment area
bulgarian police captured ## kg of heroin in two separate operations , the bulgarian telegraph agency reported wednesday .	bulgarian police seize ## kg heroin
european major stocks ended mainly lower for the second session in a row thursday as limp results and outlooks from sector bellwethers such as royal dutch\/shell and stmicroelectronics sent jitters through the market .	european major stocks end mainly lower
austrian minister of foreign affairs benita ferrero-waldner will visit china on nov. #-# , announced foreign ministry spokeswoman zhang qiyue here thursday at a regular press conference .	austrian foreign minister to visit china
bayern munich playmaker michael ballack has fully recovered from an ankle injury but fellow midfielder owen hargreaves is still out of action due to a hip problem , the german first division club said on friday .	ballack fit for bayern 's game but hargreaves still out
sri lankan prime minister ranil wickremesinghe will meet us president george bush to review the country 's current norwegian-brokered peace progress , officials said .	sri lankan pm to meet us president to review peace process
pakistan 's top shares prices ended higher monday as rumors indicating a swift sell-off concerning state-run oil major pakistan state oil -lrb- pso -rrb- .	pakistan stocks close up
south korean stocks continued their winning streak on foreign and program buying , with the main index bouncing back to the ###-point level on tuesday .	s. korean stocks continue rising
nigeria has signed a fresh agreement with multinational oil majors to build a second liquefied natural gas -lrb- lng -rrb- plant in brass in central niger delta , south nigeria , the news agency of nigeria reported thursday .	nigeria to build second liquefied natural gas plant
truck drivers and mechanics working for waste management inc. returned to work thursday after a two-week strike in los angeles , organizers said .	trash workers end strike in los angeles
hosts wuhan won the men 's soccer title by beating beijing shunyi #-# here at the #th chinese city games on friday .	hosts wuhan wins men 's soccer title at chinese city games
in anticipation of strong winds returning , fire departments across southern california are bracing for a possible new round of fresh wildfires , authorities said on friday .	roundup : firefighters gear up for fresh fires in s. california
chief of army staff of pakistan general pervez musharraf on saturday declared a state of emergency in the country , the state-run ptv reported .	#nd ld : musharraf declares state of emergency in pakistan
the abu dhabi national oil company -lrb- adnoc -rrb- , the energy giant of the united arab emirates -lrb- uae -rrb- , announced on sunday the retrospective prices of its four main grades of crude oil for october .	uae energy giant announces retrospective oil prices for october
the south asia regional management team of the world bank comprising of more than ## senior managers and staffs are in kathmandu to participate in a series of meetings about new and emerging issues in nepal and south asia with the theme `` beyond the nation state .	world bank team arrives in nepal to discuss development
share prices on the london stock exchange closed lower on monday , suffering on fears over banks ' exposure to bad u.s. home loans and the termination of sainsbury 's bid .	london stock market ends lower
thailand 's deputy secretary-general of council for national security -lrb- cns -rrb- anupong paochinda on tuesday ignored demand by the people power party which called for the cns members to resign .	thai cns refuses to dissolve before election
u.s. senate and house agreed tuesday to spend some ### billion u.s. dollars in baseline defense budget for fiscal year #### , but left most of the ### billion dollars of war funding request undecided .	u.s. senate house leave war funds undecided
strengthened border patrol has led to a ##-percent drop in arrests of undocumented migrants this year at the u.s.-mexico frontier , it was reported on wednesday .	arrests of border-crossers drop
vietnam imported nearly #.# billion u. s. dollars worth of machines , equipment and spare parts in the first ## months of this year , a year-on-year rise of ##.# percent , according to the country 's general statistics office on thursday .	vietnam machinery import surges ##.# pct in ## months
zambia 's biggest mining company said it will spill out # billion u.s. dollars for its three-year expansion scheme , daily mail reported on friday .	zambia 's biggest miner to spend # bln dollars on expansion
both state and foreign investments in vietnam 's agriculture have been not sufficient enough , while local farmers have to pay fees to contribute to building rural roads , irrigation works and schools , local newspaper vietnam news reported tuesday .	hong kong stocks finish lower at midday nov. ##
a senior official of russia 's central bank has forecast a #.#-percent annual growth of the gross domestic product -lrb- gdp -rrb- in #### , interfax news agency reported on tuesday .	russian central bank predicts #.#-percent gdp growth
brazilian ronaldinho was reported for training with brazil on tuesday with a twisted ankle , team doctor jose luis runco said .	ronaldinho trains with ankle injury for brazil
a taiwanese fishing vessel , which has been captured off the somali coast in may and released early this month , arrived at mombasa port of kenya on wednesday .	taiwanese fishing vessel released off somali coast arrives at mombasa kenya
china 's sun hui claimed gold in the women 's ##kg sanshou at the #th world wushu championships here on saturday .	china 's sun wins women 's ##kg of sanshou at world wushu championships
namibia has imported about ### tons of maize from zambia and more tons are lined up for namibia , according sunday mail .	head-to-head record for shanghai masters cup final
the death toll from the last thursday night 's cyclone in bangladesh shot up to #### till #:## p. m. monday , according to the food and disaster management ministry .	cyclone death toll in bangladesh rises to ####
nigeria 's federal capital abuja on monday got the hosting right of the sixth students for the advancement of global entrepreneurship -lrb- sage -rrb- world cup tournament .	nigeria to host sage #### world cup
some ###,### beijingers will be encouraged by the municipal government to move out of the old city proper and sites of historical value by #### , in efforts to safeguard historical and cultural sites .	beijing to move ###,### people out of sites of historical value by ####
pakistani foreign minister missed the commonwealth foreign ministers ' meeting here on wednesday which is expected to decide whether or not pakistan should be suspended from the organization of former british colonies .	pakistani fm misses commonwealth foreign ministers meeting
expensive scientific instruments are now available for public rental throughout china via a new on-line database launched on thursday .	foreign exchange rates in india
romania and kazakhstan will cooperate in transporting caspian oil to european consumer markets , the romanian and kazakh presidents stressed in a joint press statement on thursday .	romania kazakhstan to cooperate in transporting oil
vietnam plans to reap ##.# billion u. s. dollars from exporting heavy industry products and minerals next year , up from estimated ##.# billion dollars this year , a local trade agency said friday .	vietnam targets bigger heavy industry product exports next year
croatia 's sixth parliamentary elections since its independence in #### kicked off on sunday , with surveys predicting a tight race between ruling conservative croatian democratic union -lrb- hdz -rrb- and opposition social democratic party -lrb- sdp -rrb- .	#nd ld : croatia holds parliamentary elections
between ##,### and ##,### people in vietnam die of diseases caused by smoking each year , according to local newspaper youth on monday .	##,###-## ,### vietnamese die from smoking annually
chinese vice-premier wu yi said tuesday that the country should step up efforts to develop its service trade in a bid to alter the growth pattern of foreign trade and increase employment and domestic consumption .	chinese vice-premier calls for fast development of service trade
china was greatly honored here during celebrations to mark mauritania 's ##th independence celebrations , according to reports .	mauritania salutes china 's cooperation on national day
u.s. construction spending dropped by #.# percent in february , the fifth straight monthly decline , as residential construction tumbled for a record ##th consecutive month , the commerce department reported tuesday .	u.s. construction spending drops for fifth straight month in february
vietnamese prime minister nguyen tan dung has asked localities , relevant agencies and people to focus on monitoring food safety , ensuring environmental hygiene , preparing enough pharmaceuticals , and intensifying awareness work , to stamp out acute diarrhea .	vietnam working on acute diarrhea
the asian swimming record tumbled again at the seven-day olympic test event here on friday .	asian swimming record tumbles again at china 's olympic trials
lebanese parliament speaker nabih berri was `` stunned '' by the comment of french foreign minister bernard kouchner who accused him of closing down the parliament and of `` lacking freedom to move , '' al-akhbar daily reported on wednesday .	lebanese speaker stunned by french fm remarks : report
brian cowen has been formally elected leader of ireland 's governing fianna fail party , replacing bertie ahern .	cowen elected new leader of irish governing party
bangladesh and india signed a deal here thursday giving green signal to resumption of passenger train service between the two neighboring countries after ## years .	bangladesh india sign agreement for resumption of train service after ## years
chinese carmaker chery automobile has recorded a ##.# percent growth in the number of exported vehicles during the first quarter , the company said on sunday .	chinese carmaker chery reports export surge in first quarter
chinese ambassador to oman pan weifang on saturday highly valued the preparation that oman has made for the upcoming beijing olympic torch relay to be held in oman 's capital muscat on april ## .	chinese ambassador highly values oman 's preparation for olympic torch relay
china 's economic growth slowed to ##.# percent in the first quarter from ##.# percent in the same period last year , the national bureau of statistics -lrb- nbs -rrb- said on wednesday .	#st ld : china economy grows ##.# pct in #q vs. year-earlier ##.# pct
the one foundation project , initiated by chinese kung fu star jet li in #### , has raised over ## million yuan in its first year , and has allocated #.# million yuan for relief work .	jet li foundation allocates #.# mln yuan for charity in first year
franch won the gold medal at women 's epee team event of the fie #### world championships by beating china ##-## .	france beats china for women 's epee team gold
un secretary-general ban ki-moon reiterated here monday the urgent need of tackling the soaring food prices and low food stocks when he addressed the high - level segment of the ##th session of the un conference on trade and investment -lrb- unctad -rrb- .	un chief reiterates emergency of addressing food issues
all schools in the orissa state of india have been closed for the summer vacation at least eight days in advance after some ## people died over the last three weeks due to heatstroke , according to the ndtv 's report on tuesday .	heatstroke kills some ### indians
another #.# million people fell below the poverty line in argentina in the second half of #### , research by the country 's official statistics agency revealed wednesday .	more people living below poverty line in argentina
cherie blair , wife of former british prime minister tony blair , visited bangladesh 's supreme court here on wednesday to observe the appeal proceedings of a graft case against former bangladesh prime minister sheikh hasina .	cherie blair serves as bangladesh 's ex-pm hasina 's legal team expert
urban chinese saw their disposable income expand #.# percent in the first quarter , the lowest increase for the same period since #### .	inflation slows urban chinese income growth
uruguay 's river plate soccer club on sunday defeated its counterpart bella vista by #-# and is back on top towards uruguay 's closing championship thanks to nacional 's #-# tie against liverpool on saturday .	uruguay 's river plate heads for uruguayan soccer title
u.s. president george w. bush on tuesday criticized congress for not acting on his proposals to deal with the rising cost of fuel and other necessities in a speech on u.s. economy .	bush criticizes congress in speech on economy
one more body has been recovered from the wreckage of monday 's fatal train crash in eastern china , bringing the known death toll to ## , a local newspaper reports .	death toll from east china train collision rises to ##
the u.s. dollar traded in the upper ## yen range early monday in tokyo , down slightly from its levels late friday in new york .	dollar trades in upper ## yen range in tokyo
as incomes decline , americans increasingly are reining in spending and instead saving more .	americans spend less save more
cambodia 's fledgling insurance industry grew ## percent last year , despite global declines in the sector , national media reported wednesday .	cambodian insurance sector grows ## pct in ####
china 's export of autos , including auto parts and components , increased ##.# percent to ##.## billion u.s. dollars in #### , but down ##.## percentage points compared with the previous year , china association of automobile manufacturers -lrb- caam -rrb- said here on wednesday .	china auto export slowdown in #### amid falling demand
the largest snake the world has ever known -- as long as a school bus and as heavy as a small car - - ruled tropical ecosystems only six million years after the demise of the fearsome tyrannosaurus rex , according to a new discovery to be published on thursday in the journal nature .	world 's largest snake discovered in fossilized rainforest
new zealand will make an initial contribution of ###,### nz dollars -lrb- ##,### u.s. dollars -rrb- to help people affected by flooding in solomon islands , foreign minister murray mccully said on friday .	nz to provide flood relief to solomon islands
boston celtics guard ray allen has been named the alternative to file in the vacancy left by injured orlando magic guard jameer nelson for the all-star game , said the nba on thursday .	allen to replace nelson for nba all-star game
chicago , feb. # -lrb- xinhua -rrb- - gold futures on the comex division of the new york mercantile exchange edged higher friday due to investors ' profit-taking after the disappointing unemployment data .	gold ended slightly higher on profit-taking after unemployment data
prague , feb. ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- czech president vaclav klaus on tuesday ratified an agreement signed by the european union and south korea in helsinki on sept. # , #### , on cooperation in europe 's galileo satellite navigation project .	czech president ratifies galileo project accord between eu and s. korea
australia 's jobless rate has climbed from #.# percent in december to #.# percent in january , figures released thursday by the australian bureau of statistics -lrb- abs -rrb- showed .	australian jobless rate hits #.# pct
chinese president hu jintao continued his state visit to saudi arabia on wednesday -lrb- local time -rrb- , the first leg of his five-nation `` trip of friendship and cooperation .	facts and figures about chinese president 's foreign tour
final results showed thursday that israel 's centrist party kadima led by foreign minister tzipi livni secured ## seats in the ##th knesset -lrb- parliament -rrb- election , keeping a slight lead over its main rival likud party .	#nd ld : final results confirm kadima 's lead in israeli election
an airliner with ## people on board crashed into a home in the u.s. state of new york on tuesday evening , with ## people reported to be killed .	#rd ld : plane crashes in u.s.
david beckham 's hopes of a permanent move from los angeles galaxy to ac milan were crushed on friday as the italian club failed to raise its bid for the england midfielder .	cross-country world cup results
vietnam is among the countries most vulnerable to the chronic hepatitis b virus with more than eight percent of vietnamese people contracting the virus , the local newspaper the youth reported tuesday .	vietnamese people vulnerable to hepatitis b virus : experts
china 's participation in united nations -lrb- un -rrb- peacekeeping operations has expanded dramatically , according to a report published by the stockholm international peace research institute -lrb- sipri -rrb- on tuesday .	china expanding un peacekeeping role says swedish institute
new zealand women are having more children and the country 's birth rate reached its highest level in ## years , statistics new zealand said on wednesday .	new zealand birth rate reaches ##-year high
the government and major international financial institutions have different predictions of cambodia 's economic growth rate for this year , english - language daily newspaper the phnom penh post said on thursday .	nikkei up #.# pct in morning trading
the argentine foreign ministry summoned the italian ambassador to argentina on wednesday to express its displeasure over recent remarks by italian prime minister silvio berlusconi .	argentina voices discomfort over italian pm comments
iran has vowed it would not suspend its nuclear work after the latest report from the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- said tehran has slowed its uranium enrichment program , iran 's english-language satellite news channel press tv reported on friday .	iran says not to suspend nuclear work
a katyusha rocket fired from lebanon on saturday morning hit the western galilee in north israel , causing two lightly hurt , israel radio reported .	xinhua middle east news advisory feb. ##
china is willing to make joint efforts with malta to further promote their traditional friendly relations , visiting chinese vice president xi jinping said here on saturday .	roundup : chinese vice president starts official visit to malta
the brunei currency and monetary board has unveiled silver jubilee national day commemorative coins with face values of ## brunei dollars , #.## brunei dollars and #.## brunei dollar , all bearing the number of years since brunei achieved its independence from britain , the brunei times reported on monday .	brunei unveils national day commemorative coins
lusaka , feb. ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- the voluntary repatriation of angolan refugees remaining in zambia will resume in may this year , according to a statement released on tuesday .	zambia to restart repatriation of angolan refugees
lakes , rivers and the air in many places in china are still polluted , some seriously , in spite of continuous efforts to control pollution , a chinese environmental official said tuesday .	air quality of major chinese cities feb. ##
the kenyan government on wednesday challenged african scientists to research on viable farming methodology that could help mitigate the perennial food insecurity in the continent during prolonged dry spells .	africa urged to device new farming methods to avert food crisis
host china winded up the speed skating competitions at the harbin universiade with a gold medal in the women 's team pursuit here thursday , while south korea narrowly missed the men 's title .	results of curling at winter universiade
thirty high school students in south china 's guangdong province have been suspended after they were suspected of gambling on nba games , local education authorities said thursday .	english premier league fixtures
former serbian president milan milutinovic returned to belgrade on friday evening after he had been acquitted by the un war crimes tribunal in the hague one day ago .	former serbian president returns home after being acquitted war crimes charges
a graduation ceremony was held friday for the eighth class of the beijing-based high-level tibetan buddhism college of china .	collated results from china diving grand prix
future generations of switzerland will have to pay a heavy price for the standard of living currently enjoyed by swiss men and women , swiss radio international -lrb- sri -rrb- reported friday .	swiss future generations face heavy financial burden : radio
a u.s. federal prosecutor asked a federal judge monday to refuse to delay timothy mcveigh 's execution , saying that newly released documents do not have any bearing on his conviction and sentence .	u.s. federal prosecutor opposes delay in mcveigh 's execution
india was prepared to discuss all outstanding issues including kashmir with pakistan and `` we are hopeful of finding some solution during talks with musharraf in new delhi , '' vajpayee was quoted as saying during his visit to west state of gujarat , which was hit by a strong earthquake in january .	india ready to discuss kashmir with pakistan : vajpayee
inflation rate in kenya went down last month as basic food prices and power bills dipped , the central bank of kenya has said .	kenya 's inflation rate gets lower
the heads of five former soviet republics ended their meeting in yalta , southern ukraine , on thursday with the signing of a series of documents , turning the informal guuam group into an international organization .	guuam group becomes formal international organization
three-time world champions germany defeated albania #-# in a world cup european zone qualifying match wednesday night while poland suffered a minor setback in their attempt to take their first world cup berth since #### .	germans english irish win poland draw in world cup qualifiers
the thai government has set aside ### million baht -lrb- about ##.## million u.s. dollars -rrb- to support new eco-tourism plans during ####-#### , according to a report of the thai news agency -lrb- tna -rrb- tuesday .	thai government to support eco-tourism
northeast china 's jilin province has decided to fight the serious water pollution with a total investment of #.# billion yuan -lrb- #.## billion us dollars -rrb- over the next decade .	jilin steps up efforts for water protection
china 's international travel agencies are making more profits as there are more chinese people going abroad and more overseas tourists coming to china , the china national tourism administration -lrb- cnta -rrb- said tuesday .	china 's international travel agencies gain more profits
the new zealand sharemarket closed higher here wednesday .	new zealand stocks close higher
geneva , june ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- the swiss national bank announced thursday that it has decided to continue its current monetary policy , leaving interest rates unchanged , according to a report of swiss radio international -lrb- sri -rrb- .	swiss central bank keeps interest rates unchanged
south african president thabo mbeki on saturday urged the country 's youths to face the challenges of poverty , unemployment , racism and the spread of aids .	s. african youths urged to face challenges
hong kong 's hang seng china enterprises index lost ##.## points , or #.## percent , to close at ###.## monday .	weather forecast for major chinese cities
french president jacques chirac said tuesday he will discuss french-russian cooperation in the aeronautic field , especially `` relations between air france and aeroflot '' during his coming visit to russia from july #-# .	chirac envisions french-russian cooperation in aeronautic field
the canadian economy will bounce back in the #th quarter with an aggressive monetary policy , economists with canada 's td bank said in their latest quarterly forecast released monday .	canadian economy seen to bounce back in #th quarter
the gold price in hong kong remained unchanged to close at #,### hk dollars a tael wednesday , according to bank of china group .	gold price in hong kong unchanged
egypt and lebanon will hold the fifth session of their joint higher committee on monday to discuss ways of activating a deal on establishing a free trade zone between the two countries .	egypt lebanon to discuss activating free trade zone accord
as the indonesian people 's consultative assembly -lrb- mpr -rrb- finished drafting decrees relating to president abdurrahman wahid 's accountability , some large political parties in the country would hold meeting to narrow possible differences on the agenda of the special mpr session scheduled for august # .	indonesian large parties to meet on assembly session agenda
the china association for science and technology -lrb- cast -rrb- recently came up with various kinds of ways to popularize education and science for young people , in order to help them improve their scientific awareness and innovation .	science association improves scientific awareness of youth
china is expected to become a full member of the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- within this year , monday 's international business daily -lrb- ibd -rrb- quoted local trade experts as saying .	weather forecast for major chinese cities
greece 's equity prices continued its downward trend on tuesday with the general index on the athens stock exchange -lrb- ase -rrb- recording its seventh consecutive record low this year .	greek stocks continue downward trend
the australian stock market dipped into negative territory wednesday with investors opting for the sidelines ahead of a possible interest rate cut in the united states .	australian stocks tumble
a series of emergency measures have been taken in northeast china 's liaoning province in a massive campaign against drought believed to be the most serious since #### .	northeast china province fights drought
israeli troops bombed a lebanese village along the border on friday as a retaliation for attacks by lebanese resistance guerrilla group hezbollah on israeli positions in the disputed shebaa farms , oriental radio reported .	israel attacks lebanese village for injury of two soldiers
northwest china 's shaanxi province approved the establishment of ### direct foreign investment -lrb- dfi -rrb- projects in #### .	northwest china 's shaanxi using more direct foreign investment
sixteen syndicates from ## countries will vie for the renowned america 's cup yachting race in new zealand in #### and #### , making the largest entry in the history .	new zealand to host biggest ever america 's cup
china hopes that all parties concerned take a restrained and flexible attitude to avoid worsening of the iraq crisis , chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today .	chinese fm spokesman comments on iraq crisis
the political uncertainty in nepal ended wednesday as king birendra finally chose to accept the submission by ## mps to convene a special session of parliament on february ## to discuss their no-confidence motion against the present government .	nepali king calls special parliament session ending
the first batch of ##,### live chicken will be shipped to hong kong from shenzhen this evening after going through rigid quarantine procedures .	chinese inland resuming chicken supply to hong kong
turkey 's leftist parties held demonstrations here friday to protest the aggressive policy of the united states toward iraq , local tv reported .	anti-us demonstration held in turkey
king juan carlos i and queen sofia of spain will arrive in manila on february ## for a three-day visit to highlight spain 's active participation in the celebration of the centenary of philippine independence .	spanish king to visit philippines
hong kong stocks dropped ###.## points , or #.## percent , to close at ##,###.## at midday tuesday .	hong kong shares close down midday
the philippines ' commission on elections -lrb- comelec -rrb- said wednesday that it will eliminate those `` nuisance '' candidates and allow those qualified to start their campaign drive for the may ## general elections .	philippine poll body to eliminate nuisance
bulgarian president peter stoyanov said saturday that progress has been made in relations with the united states during his visit to washington .	bulgarian president on u.s. visit
the australian dollar was little changed tuesday as those hoping a much-awaited australian central bank report would signal an easing in monetary policy were disappointed .	qualifying results of thomas\/uber cup in europe
sixty-two percent of french people think that nuclear energy will play a far more important role than other energies ## years from now , according to a poll published tuesday .	most french people support use of nuclear energy
fidel castro , cuba 's president of the council of state , met with a chinese delegation here tuesday .	castro meets chinese official
former world champion finnish driver ari vatanen will replaced injured belgian bruno thiry on the ford team for the safari rally at the end of this month , the team announced wednesday .	vatanen to replace injured thiry
pakistan and iran are working closely towards a durable peaceful settlement of the long-running afghan conflict , the associated press of pakistan -lrb- app -rrb- said friday .	pakistan iran working closely for durable afghan
tehran , february ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- - iran saturday announced its welcome to more cultural exchanges between its people and those of the united states , in the wake of an american wrestling team 's visit to tehran .	weather forecast for major world cities
the sri lankan government will release a fund of ## million rupees -lrb- almost one million u.s. dollars -rrb- within this week to activate and strengthen the newly elected local government bodies in the north .	sri lanka allocates fund for local government bodies
nearly #,### iraqi children below # and about #,### elderly died last month due to diseases partly caused by harsh international economic sanctions , the iraqi news agency reported tuesday .	nearly #,### iraqis die in january
laos tuesday undertook the country 's first major leadership change in five years , according to news reaching here wednesday .	laos reshuffles government
african foreign ministers thursday deliberated in camera with whole day financial , political and socio-economic issues faced by the organization of african unity -lrb- oau -rrb- in the capital of ethiopia .	african fms discuss financial political and
major stock markets in europe all sustained their recent rally and ended the week higher , with london and paris all hitting another new closing highs .	european shares up london paris hit new records
china 's ### million farmers are welcoming a long awaited bumper crop as the autumn grain harvest , which accounts for ## percent of china 's total annual grain output , is coming to a end .	china 's grain production ends a five-year slide
hong kong shares ended higher tuesday as oil prices eased further , with the us presidential election also in focus .	hk share prices end higher
defending champion tim henman of britain beat thailand 's paradorn srichaphan #-# , #-# to reach third round of the paris masters here on tuesday .	henman hewitt advance in paris masters
chinese vice premier huang ju said here wednesday that worldwide engineers should cooperate with each other to contribute more to sustained development of the human society .	engineers urged to contribute more to sustained development chinese vice premier
vietnam forecasts to gain export revenues of #.# billion us dollars in the two remaining months of this year , a year-on-year increase of ##.# percent .	vietnam to post higher export earnings in next # months
us president george w. bush said thursday that there would be some changes to the cabinet for his second term .	ecb main reference exchange rates
the marine police and the customs and excise department of hong kong announced friday that # million hong kong dollars -lrb- ###,### us dollars -rrb- worth of suspected contraband goods were seized off black point in tuen mun in a joint operation mounted thursday .	hk police seize # million hk dollars worth of smuggled goods
pakistani prime minister shaukat aziz saturday felicitated afghan president hamid karzai on his victory in the presidential election and termed it a good omen for the future of democracy in afghanistan .	pakistani prime minister greets karzai
arsenal manager arsene wenger was charged by the football association -lrb- fa -rrb- on monday with improper conduct over a reported comment about manchester united striker ruud van nistelrooy .	wenger charged with improper conduct
the four top palestinian officials who are here to visit the ailing yasser arafat left his hospital tuesday without making a statement .	men 's singles results at china open badminton
the sri lankan navy has taken into custody two indian fishing trawlers which were poaching sri lanka ' s northwestern coast and arrested ## indian fishermen on board , a local newspaper reported on wednesday .	sri lankan navy arrests ## indian fishermen
scientists at an international symposium on climate change said a new report shows the kyoto protocol agreement on limiting fossil fuel emissions is not enough to slow the potentially disastrous warming of the planet , an official icelandic website reported on wednesday .	scientists say kyoto protocol not enough to stop warming
the tanzanian parliament on wednesday ratified a protocol on the establishment of the east african community -lrb- eac -rrb- customs union to step up the regional economic integration .	tanzanian lawmakers okay eac customs union
inspired by science and technology , tibetans , who have long adored the sun as a god , are now putting their deity to work .	solar energy changes life of tibetans
remittances from overseas filipino workers -lrb- ofws -rrb- rose #.# percent to #.# billion us dollars in the first nine months of the year due to more deployment , the central bank said tuesday .	remittances from overseas filipino workers rise in first # months
chinese flights has logged more than five million continuous hours of safety , the longest such streak in the nation 's history .	china 's aviation industry sets safety flight record official
vietnam has recently detected a small number of chickens being infected with bird flu virus strain of h# , and remained highly alert for potential new outbreaks in winter when weather conditions favor the development of viruses .	vietnam detects new bird flu infections
a leader of islamic resistance movement hamas was critically wounded in an israeli assassination attempt in the southern gaza strip town of rafah on thursday , palestinian witnesses and medics said .	hamas leader survives israeli assassination
un secretary general kofi annan has called on african countries to stop shifting alliances against each other , suggesting that they solve cross-border issues by stronger regional cooperation .	un chief says only regional cooperation can solve cross-border issues
prime minister of antigua and barbuda baldwin spencer left here monday for hong kong , winding up his four-day visit to shanghai .	antigua and barbuda pm leaves shanghai for hong kong
the mainstream fatah movement on monday officially chose mahmoud abbas , chairman of the palestine liberation organization -lrb- plo -rrb- , as its candidate to run for the presidential election due on jan. # , #### , the official wafa news agency reported .	#st lead : fatah chooses abbas as presidential candidate
three days before the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- discusses iran 's nuclear issue , tehran suspended its controversial nuclear fuel work , a move likely to thwart us efforts to report the islamic republic to the un security council for possible sanctions .	news analysis : iran suspends uranium enrichment to avert un sanctions
three malaysian and indonesian seamen kidnapped by philippine abu sayyaf kidnap-for-ransom group allegedly had been executed and the skeletons discovered in the southern philippines are believed to be their remains , a local television reported wednesday .	abu sayyaf hostages allegedly executed : report
libya has no reserve on decisions made by the united nations -lrb- un -rrb- and african union -lrb- au -rrb- on france 's mandate in cote d'ivoire , french government spokesman said wednesday .	french government says libya not opposed to decisions on cote d'ivoire
china will start testing the country 's prison population this month to identify hiv-positive prisoners , the ministry of health said thursday .	fed cup semi-final results
barcelona midfielder gerard will be out of action for up to two months after surgery for a groin injury , the spanish primera liga club said on saturday .	barcelona midfielder gerard out for two months
china and asean started their process for building a free trade area with the signing of the '' agreement on trading in goods of the framework agreement on comprehensive economic cooperation between asean and china .	roundup : china asean start process of building free trade area
the death toll due to the landslides and floods caused by a tropical storm in the northern philippines has risen to ## , the philippine government said tuesday .	philippine authorities confirm ## killed in storm
british rowing great matthew pinsent , who won gold medals at each of the last four olympic games , announced here on tuesday his retirement from the sport .	british rowing legend pinsent retires
israel 's security cabinet on tuesday approved an agreement with cairo to re-open the rafah crossing between the gaza strip and egypt under the supervision of european inspectors , israel radio reported .	israel security cabinet nods to rafah crossing deal
israeli foreign minister silvan shalom said on wednesday that israel will halt its targeted killing of palestinian militants when palestinian leader mahmoud abbas begins to curb terror , israel radio reported .	foreign exchange rates in vietnam
the united states has filed a trade case with the world trade organization -lrb- wto -rrb- accusing turkey of imposing unfair restrictions on us rice exports , us trade representative rob portman announced wednesday .	us files wto case against turkey over rice sales restrictions
a mortar fired from the gaza strip landed in southern israel on thursday , lightly injuring a soldier , military sources said .	palestinian mortar injures soldier in southern israel
pakistani leaders have appealed to the nation to celebrate this year 's eid festival with simplicity and sobriety in view of earthquake devastation and colossal human tragedy in the north west frontier province and pakistan-controlled kashmir .	pakistani leaders call on nation to celebrate eid with simplicity
the european commission , the executive arm of the european union -lrb- eu -rrb- , said on friday that it had launched an anti-dumping investigation against chinese shoes .	eu launches anti-dumping investigation against chinese shoes
share prices on the taiwan stock exchange closed lower tuesday , with the weighted index , the market 's key barometer , moving down ##.## points to close at #,### .	taiwan share prices close down nov. #
the un security council on tuesday unanimously adopted a resolution extending the mandate of the multinational force in iraq until the end of next year , and allowing for a review of that mandate at any time , no later than mid-june #### , or for its termination , at the request of the iraqi government .	un security council extends multinational force mandate
palestinian sources said on thursday that four palestinian officials were among the dead in wednesday night 's triple suicide bombings in the jordanian capital of amman .	four palestinian officials among dead in amman suicide bombings
a warlord in southern nigeria 's oil - rich niger delta region was on friday denied bail on the ground that he would constitute a security risk to africa 's most populous nation .	nigerian court denies bail for oil delta warlord
new york , nov. ## -lrb- xinhua -rrb- -- it is essential for china and the united states to have `` two-way street '' so that they can communicate closely , understand each other and learn from each other , said hunter rawlings , president of cornell university , in a recent interview with xinhua before his visit to china on monday .	interview : two-way street essential for us-china ties by wang bo
all-time great andre agassi unexpectedly decided to quit after losing his first match in the shanghai masters cup here on monday .	oldie agassi quits after straight-set lose to young master davydenko
an over-loaded minibus overturned in a county in southwestern guizhou province tuesday afternoon , killing ## passengers and injuring three others .	traffic accident kills ## injures # in sw china
the us energy department -lrb- doe -rrb- announced tuesday that an experimental project in canada to inject carbon dioxide into oil fields for its permanent storage in geologic formations proved to be successful .	carbon dioxide permanent storage in oil field a success : us energy department
ryder cup stars thomas bjorn and paul casey both have set their sights on the ubs hong kong open trophy after confirming they will take part in the us$ #.# million tournament next month .	bjorn casey set to compete in hong kong open
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi wednesday portrayed the japan-us alliance as the foundation for better relations with china and south korea .	commentary : koizumi 's lopsided foreign policy helpless
chinese president hu jintao met here friday with donald tsang yam-kuen , chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region -lrb- hksar -rrb- , on the sidelines of the asia-pacific economic cooperation -lrb- apec -rrb- economic leaders ' meeting .	chinese president meets hong kong sar chief executive
german chancellor designate angela merkel 's christian democrats and outgoing chancellor gerhard schroeder 's social democrats formally inked the coalition accord on friday reached between them a week ago .	german parties sign coalition pact difference over health reform remains
us president george w. bush arrived here saturday evening for a three-day visit to china at the invitation of chinese president hu jintao .	#st ld : us president arrives in beijing
chinese president hu jintao said here sunday that both china and the united states have agreed to expand bilateral trade and economic cooperation , believing it serves the common interests of the two countries and peoples .	chinese president : china us to seek win-win economic cooperation
the johannesburg securities exchange -lrb- jse -rrb- finished tuesday in negative territory , dragged down by profit taking and a relatively strong rand .	johannesburg bourse ends lower
the hong kong special administrative region -lrb- hksar -rrb- government would implement additional precautionary measures to prepare for a possible influenza pandemic caused by avian influenza , a spokesman for the health , welfare and food bureau said on wednesday .	hk to take additional measures to deal with avian influenza
a sample survey , launched by a taipei-based human resources bank , showed that ## percent of taiwanese office workers were willing to working on the chinese mainland , up #.# percent from #### .	increasing number of taiwanese willing to work on mainland : survey
the international atomic energy agency -lrb- iaea -rrb- decided to postpone the referral of iran 's nuclear issue to the un security council on thursday , thus offering more time for a breakthrough of the iranian nuclear issue .	foreign exchange rates in indonesia
the un general assembly approved on friday more funding for missions in cote d'ivoire and haiti over the year ending next june , in line with a security council decision to strengthen the un peacekeeping missions there .	un increases funding for missions in haiti cote d'ivoire
a bronze statue of martial arts legend bruce lee was unveiled in the ethnically divided city of mostar in bosnia-herzegovina on saturday , a day before a second statue of him is unveiled in hong kong to mark his ##th birthday .	bruce lee bronze unveiled in bosnian city
migrants should be regarded as a high-risk group of hiv\/aids infection and get more attention from the government , said a senior health official here monday .	migrant people need more aids control efforts : chinese official
the us dollar fell to the lower ### yen level wednesday in tokyo after failing to breach the psychologically important ### yen barrier where many options - related yen-buying orders have been placed .	dollar falls to lower ### yen level in tokyo
un under-secretary-general for political affairs ibrahim gambari said on wednesday that although the future of the peace process in the middle east is hopeful , it still faces immense challenges .	un senior official says peace process in middle east hopeful with immense challenges
